<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Region module project for addition to forge
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2011-October/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Region%20module%20project%20for%20addition%20to%20forge&In-Reply-To=%3C4E909618.1090408%40bluewallgroup.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="010595.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="010598.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Region module project for addition to forge</H1>
    <B>BlueWall</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Region%20module%20project%20for%20addition%20to%20forge&In-Reply-To=%3C4E909618.1090408%40bluewallgroup.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Region module project for addition to forge">jamesh at bluewallgroup.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sat Oct  8 20:27:36 CEST 2011</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010595.html">[Opensim-dev] Region module project for addition to forge
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="010598.html">[Opensim-dev] Region module project for addition to forge
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10597">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10597">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10597">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10597">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I noticed that <A HREF="https://bitbucket.org/">https://bitbucket.org/</A> is offering unlimited private
repositories and they recently added git.




On 10/08/2011 11:38 AM, Diva Canto wrote:
&gt;<i> Hello Kevin,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I think Melanie manages the forge, but she must be busy.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> The forge made sense a few years ago. These days, with so many [better]
</I>&gt;<i> source control services out there for free, I'm not so sure it makes
</I>&gt;<i> sense anymore. Plus, it contributes to the load on the opensimulator.org
</I>&gt;<i> server that is crying for retirement and medical attention...
</I>&gt;<i> I have all of my addons to OpenSim in github. You may consider doing
</I>&gt;<i> that too.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i> Diva
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On 10/8/2011 5:39 AM, Kevin Houlihan wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi all,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I signed up a project for addition to the opensim forge a few weeks
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ago, but I haven't received any feedback on it. BlueWall and Nebadon
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> suggested that I send a message about it to the list...
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> The project is a region module which adds attachments based on
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> specified assets to avatars arriving in the region. It can optionally
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> also prevent the avatar from removing the attachment. Other options
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> include requesting permission to modify the avatar's attachments, and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> to kick the avatar if they deny that permission or don't respond
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> within a timeout. The module can also be extended to perform the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> attachment or not depending on who the avatar is (attaching certain
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> things to &quot;guests&quot; and other things to &quot;subscribers&quot;, say).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> The idea was really to allow a grid owner to add grid-wide branding or
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> UI through HUD attachments, but I'm sure there are probably other uses.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I'm not sure if there's a policy about what can be included in the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> forge, but maybe I didn't get feedback because this violates it? I can
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> understand that people might be sensitive about a region modifying
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> their avatar if it were to be run on one attached to OSG or another
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> open grid...
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> randomhuman
</I>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010595.html">[Opensim-dev] Region module project for addition to forge
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="010598.html">[Opensim-dev] Region module project for addition to forge
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10597">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10597">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10597">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10597">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
