<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2011-October/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Updating%20attachment%20assets&In-Reply-To=%3C4E91D64D.8020106%40gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="010583.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="010603.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets</H1>
    <B>Karen Palen</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Updating%20attachment%20assets&In-Reply-To=%3C4E91D64D.8020106%40gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets">karenpalensl at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun Oct  9 19:13:49 CEST 2011</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010583.html">[Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="010603.html">[Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10602">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10602">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10602">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10602">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Bo,

I don't read Justin's comments as saying that your ideas and input are
in any sense &quot;unworthy&quot;; only that there is a definite path to follow to
get them considered and implemented.

If you are asking someone else to donate time and effort to do the
programming and debugging then a Wiki entry which will &quot;sell&quot; the idea
to someone who already has 50 other good things waiting to do. Remember
anyone who has the expertise to code contributions to OpenSimulator has
hundreds of neat things waiting for that person's time.

I agree with you that the database structure needs some sort of
&quot;cleanup&quot; mechanism although from the discussions in this list I am far
from sure just what form that &quot;cleanup&quot; should take.

A well written Wiki proposal is a great way to sort out what actually
needs to be done and to motivate someone to do it!

Karen


On 10/06/2011 10:52 PM, Bo wrote:
&gt;<i> Hello,
</I>&gt;<i> i am sorry i wasn't aware of that policy. I tough it was like Jira where you 
</I>&gt;<i> can DONATE any idea to Lindenlab.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I am Java and PHP programmer so i can't implement my ideas. Ho ever i believe 
</I>&gt;<i> that i am able to propose good changes giving big results with minimal work 
</I>&gt;<i> and respect to the architecture (as far as my knowledge of it goes).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I believe that ideas like the one with live and backup assets and inventory 
</I>&gt;<i> tables have  big value. And my proposal was NOT aimed to help to me self but 
</I>&gt;<i> rather grids like is OSG.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> This was my attempt to help. Only i want for it is little credit for the idea.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> If you think that my ideas are not worthy or are problematic just stop me 
</I>&gt;<i> clearly, please, and i will accept that. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On the other side i believe that outsiders like i can bring great feedback and 
</I>&gt;<i> new angles of view to the problems...
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Thank you, Bo
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Friday 07 of October 2011 01:49:16 Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Bo.  You're not to know, but we have a long standing policy of not
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> putting features into Mantis.  This hasn't been clear and has lapsed a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> bit.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> So I cleaned up [1] a bit, which is the wiki place for feature proposals. 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> However, any proposal should be run by this list here.  And either the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> proposer will have to be prepared to implement it themselves (which still
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> doesn't guarantee inclusion) or persuade other people to implement it
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> (which is difficult).  If they don't do these things then it will almost
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> certainly simply be ignored.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> At some point possibly very soon I will be closing all the feature requests
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> in the wiki and redirecting people to this list and that wiki location.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> [1] <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Developer_Documentation#Feature_Proposals">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Developer_Documentation#Feature_Proposals</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On 05/10/11 08:18, Bo wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hello,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> i put my idea about live and backup assets tables which i mentioned here
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> before into a Mantis.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=5730">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=5730</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I think that we don't really need to purge assets. Only what we need is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> have unused assets, inventory folders and inventory items in separate
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> backup tables so most of the operations is done within small tables and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> even grids with rich history can have very fast assets servers.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Bo
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Wednesday 05 of October 2011 01:06:55 Dave Coyle wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Oct 3, 2011, at 8:01 PM, Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Needless to say, distributed garbage collection is extremely hard.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> A year ago I broke out the 20 million assets OSGrid had by file size[1],
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and 50% of them were&lt;= 4KB uncompressed.  With deduplication and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> compression those 20 million assets would've taken up about 125GB of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> space on disk.  That was 3 years of stuff from tens of thousands of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> users.  It was easier and cheaper just to throw hardware at the problem
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and not worry about it than to come up with a mechanism to cull unused
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> assets.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Granted, that was before mesh started picking up steam, and another
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> grid's experience won't necessarily mirror that of OSGrid's.  But it's
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> a data point.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> [1] -- <A HREF="http://coyled.com/2010/09/23/osgrid-asset-sizes/">http://coyled.com/2010/09/23/osgrid-asset-sizes/</A> (those are
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> uncompressed file sizes)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -coyled
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010583.html">[Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="010603.html">[Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10602">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10602">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10602">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10602">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
