<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2011-October/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Updating%20attachment%20assets&In-Reply-To=%3C201110091932.57394.bo%40s-grid.net%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="010602.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="010560.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets</H1>
    <B>Bo</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Updating%20attachment%20assets&In-Reply-To=%3C201110091932.57394.bo%40s-grid.net%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets">bo at s-grid.net
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun Oct  9 19:32:56 CEST 2011</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010602.html">[Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="010560.html">[Opensim-dev] Problems with Inventory
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10603">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10603">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10603">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10603">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hello Karen,
thank you for your words. I am OK and as i said intent of the proposal was not 
help me but rather OSG and other big grids.

I have already developed (and successfully tested) a way doing the thing on 
inventory service using unmodified OS along with PHP. So once it will be 
actual i can enable that on our grid. The asset service backup would be nice 
to have but not needed that much as small inventory tables whose i can resolve 
without OS modifications.

I will consider the Wiki but  i think i can put my ideas there only when i 
will be able to implement it. So i will first try to create some independent 
Robust addons to gain experiences. For now it seems to be not that hard with 
my Java experiences but on never know&quot;chuckles

Well wishes, Bo

On Sunday 09 of October 2011 19:13:49 Karen Palen wrote:
&gt;<i> Bo,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I don't read Justin's comments as saying that your ideas and input are
</I>&gt;<i> in any sense &quot;unworthy&quot;; only that there is a definite path to follow to
</I>&gt;<i> get them considered and implemented.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> If you are asking someone else to donate time and effort to do the
</I>&gt;<i> programming and debugging then a Wiki entry which will &quot;sell&quot; the idea
</I>&gt;<i> to someone who already has 50 other good things waiting to do. Remember
</I>&gt;<i> anyone who has the expertise to code contributions to OpenSimulator has
</I>&gt;<i> hundreds of neat things waiting for that person's time.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I agree with you that the database structure needs some sort of
</I>&gt;<i> &quot;cleanup&quot; mechanism although from the discussions in this list I am far
</I>&gt;<i> from sure just what form that &quot;cleanup&quot; should take.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> A well written Wiki proposal is a great way to sort out what actually
</I>&gt;<i> needs to be done and to motivate someone to do it!
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Karen
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On 10/06/2011 10:52 PM, Bo wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Hello,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; i am sorry i wasn't aware of that policy. I tough it was like Jira where
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; you can DONATE any idea to Lindenlab.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; I am Java and PHP programmer so i can't implement my ideas. Ho ever i
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; believe that i am able to propose good changes giving big results with
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; minimal work and respect to the architecture (as far as my knowledge of
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; it goes).
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; I believe that ideas like the one with live and backup assets and
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; inventory tables have  big value. And my proposal was NOT aimed to help
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; to me self but rather grids like is OSG.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; This was my attempt to help. Only i want for it is little credit for the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; idea.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; If you think that my ideas are not worthy or are problematic just stop me
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; clearly, please, and i will accept that.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; On the other side i believe that outsiders like i can bring great
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; feedback and new angles of view to the problems...
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Thank you, Bo
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; On Friday 07 of October 2011 01:49:16 Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Hi Bo.  You're not to know, but we have a long standing policy of not
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; putting features into Mantis.  This hasn't been clear and has lapsed a
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; bit.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; So I cleaned up [1] a bit, which is the wiki place for feature
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; proposals. However, any proposal should be run by this list here.  And
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; either the proposer will have to be prepared to implement it themselves
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; (which still doesn't guarantee inclusion) or persuade other people to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; implement it (which is difficult).  If they don't do these things then
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; it will almost certainly simply be ignored.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; At some point possibly very soon I will be closing all the feature
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; requests in the wiki and redirecting people to this list and that wiki
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; location.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; [1]
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Developer_Documentation#Feature_Proposals">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Developer_Documentation#Feature_Proposals</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; On 05/10/11 08:18, Bo wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Hello,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; i put my idea about live and backup assets tables which i mentioned
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; here before into a Mantis.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=5730">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=5730</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; I think that we don't really need to purge assets. Only what we need is
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; have unused assets, inventory folders and inventory items in separate
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; backup tables so most of the operations is done within small tables and
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; even grids with rich history can have very fast assets servers.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Bo
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; On Wednesday 05 of October 2011 01:06:55 Dave Coyle wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; On Oct 3, 2011, at 8:01 PM, Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Needless to say, distributed garbage collection is extremely hard.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; A year ago I broke out the 20 million assets OSGrid had by file
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; size[1], and 50% of them were&lt;= 4KB uncompressed.  With deduplication
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; and compression those 20 million assets would've taken up about 125GB
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; of space on disk.  That was 3 years of stuff from tens of thousands
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; of users.  It was easier and cheaper just to throw hardware at the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; problem and not worry about it than to come up with a mechanism to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; cull unused assets.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Granted, that was before mesh started picking up steam, and another
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; grid's experience won't necessarily mirror that of OSGrid's.  But it's
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; a data point.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; [1] -- <A HREF="http://coyled.com/2010/09/23/osgrid-asset-sizes/">http://coyled.com/2010/09/23/osgrid-asset-sizes/</A> (those are
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; uncompressed file sizes)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; -coyled
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010602.html">[Opensim-dev] Updating attachment assets
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="010560.html">[Opensim-dev] Problems with Inventory
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10603">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10603">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10603">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10603">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
