<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev May 2012 Archive by subject</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>May 2012 Archives by subject</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Tue May  1 00:09:13 CEST 2012</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Thu May 31 21:39:06 CEST 2012</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 33<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="011162.html">[Opensim-dev] Agent limit and managing region load
</A><A NAME="11162">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stanley Yip
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011163.html">[Opensim-dev] Agent limit and managing region load
</A><A NAME="11163">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011171.html">[Opensim-dev] Any particular reason for EntityTransferModule being shared instead of per-region?
</A><A NAME="11171">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011174.html">[Opensim-dev] Any particular reason for EntityTransferModule being shared instead of per-region?
</A><A NAME="11174">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011175.html">[Opensim-dev] Any particular reason for EntityTransferModule being shared instead of per-region?
</A><A NAME="11175">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011160.html">[Opensim-dev] Assets over HTTP rather than MySQL
</A><A NAME="11160">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Per Mint
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011161.html">[Opensim-dev] Assets over HTTP rather than MySQL
</A><A NAME="11161">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011164.html">[Opensim-dev] Background port checker
</A><A NAME="11164">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stanley Yip
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011166.html">[Opensim-dev] Background port checker
</A><A NAME="11166">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011168.html">[Opensim-dev] Background port checker
</A><A NAME="11168">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Malewski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011170.html">[Opensim-dev] Background port checker
</A><A NAME="11170">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stanley Yip
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011159.html">[Opensim-dev] Coming up: region access control
</A><A NAME="11159">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Akira Sonoda
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011176.html">[Opensim-dev] Gainsay ultra minimalist web front end
</A><A NAME="11176">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011177.html">[Opensim-dev] Gainsay ultra minimalist web front end
</A><A NAME="11177">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011180.html">[Opensim-dev] Getting Maptiles in a robust installation
</A><A NAME="11180">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Klaus-E. Klingner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011181.html">[Opensim-dev] Getting Maptiles in a robust installation
</A><A NAME="11181">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Blake
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011182.html">[Opensim-dev] Getting Maptiles in a robust installation
</A><A NAME="11182">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kevin Cozens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011183.html">[Opensim-dev]  I been looking at a issue we have  with group chat
</A><A NAME="11183">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Saunders
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011165.html">[Opensim-dev] Optimizing Script Processing
</A><A NAME="11165">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Dubin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011167.html">[Opensim-dev] Optimizing Script Processing
</A><A NAME="11167">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011158.html">[Opensim-dev] Outfit Persistent Problem?
</A><A NAME="11158">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011157.html">[Opensim-dev] Plugins for ROBUST
</A><A NAME="11157">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Per Mint
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011153.html">[Opensim-dev] Some features work only with the Active group
</A><A NAME="11153">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Oren Hurvitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011154.html">[Opensim-dev] Some features work only with the Active group
</A><A NAME="11154">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Klaus-E. Klingner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011155.html">[Opensim-dev] Some features work only with the Active group
</A><A NAME="11155">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Oren Hurvitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011178.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for ini-files
</A><A NAME="11178">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Void Pipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011179.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for ini-files
</A><A NAME="11179">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Klaus-E. Klingner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011169.html">[Opensim-dev] UserFlags
</A><A NAME="11169">&nbsp;</A>
<I>FoTo50
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011172.html">[Opensim-dev] UserFlags
</A><A NAME="11172">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011173.html">[Opensim-dev] UserFlags
</A><A NAME="11173">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kevin Cozens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011156.html">[Opensim-dev] Vivox from my school network
</A><A NAME="11156">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Per Mint
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011152.html">[Opensim-dev] What do you like about OpenSim?
</A><A NAME="11152">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="011151.html">[Opensim-dev] What do you like about OpenSim? (was: Opensim key	facts)
</A><A NAME="11151">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Borun (a.k.a. Boroondas Gupte)
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Thu May 31 21:39:06 CEST 2012</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Thu May 31 22:39:37 CEST 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

