<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Proposal to subdivide the assets table
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-June/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Proposal%20to%20subdivide%20the%20assets%20table&In-Reply-To=%3C3a164ef30806261555m5193fe55ob98083f85a80eab8%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="002105.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="002072.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Proposal to subdivide the assets table</H1>
    <B>Destiny Niles</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Proposal%20to%20subdivide%20the%20assets%20table&In-Reply-To=%3C3a164ef30806261555m5193fe55ob98083f85a80eab8%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Proposal to subdivide the assets table">techiedavid at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Jun 27 00:55:30 CEST 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002105.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to subdivide the assets table
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="002072.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to subdivide the assets table
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2071">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2071">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2071">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2071">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>On Thu, Jun 26, 2008 at 9:27 AM, liu xiaolu &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">lulurun at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
&gt;<i> Hi everyone,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> my proposal is to subdivide current assets table into 2 tables:
</I>&gt;<i> user_assets  : for user owned assets (mainly in inventory, appearance,
</I>&gt;<i> attachment, ...)
</I>&gt;<i>   user_asset is used by UGAI servers
</I>&gt;<i> region_assets: for region owned assets, sounds, textures(including sun,
</I>&gt;<i> moon, ...)
</I>&gt;<i>   region_asset is used by region servers
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I wrote the whole, detailed idea at:
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/User:Lulurun#proposal_to_subdivide_the_assets_table">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/User:Lulurun#proposal_to_subdivide_the_assets_table</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Please have a look at it, here is only a brief introduction.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> This could bring us many advantages such as:
</I>&gt;<i> 0. increase the dispersity of asset data, clarify the responsibility of each
</I>&gt;<i> server.
</I>&gt;<i> Currently, all of the asset data is stored in assets table, managed by
</I>&gt;<i> assetserver.
</I>&gt;<i> This would cause some problems:
</I>&gt;<i>  1. assets table keeps growing in a fast pace.
</I>&gt;<i>  2. hard to determine which asset is belongs to inactive regions (when you
</I>&gt;<i> want to &quot;clean&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> the assets table).
</I>&gt;<i>  3. assetserver not only serves users' data but also regions' data, if
</I>&gt;<i> something happened to
</I>&gt;<i> assetserver both of avatar and prims will become gray.
</I>&gt;<i> To separate assets table can not only solve these problems, but also brings
</I>&gt;<i> minor benefits
</I>&gt;<i> such like: reduce the responsibility of assetserver, disperse the asset
</I>&gt;<i> requests(especially
</I>&gt;<i> for big grid service), lower the risk of losing data, ...
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 1. for Data Portability in virtual world
</I>&gt;<i> For grid admin,
</I>&gt;<i>  * you can concentrate on managing only user(not region owner) relavent
</I>&gt;<i> information
</I>&gt;<i>    like &quot;users, avatarappearance, inventory&quot;
</I>&gt;<i>  * it can reduce the vulnerability caused by foreign assets.
</I>&gt;<i>  * when a region leaves your grid, you don't have to worry about its assets
</I>&gt;<i> becoming garbage.
</I>&gt;<i>   - on the other hand, this also good for region owners.
</I>&gt;<i> For when a user registers their region server with a grid,
</I>&gt;<i>  * When you want to switch your sim to a new grid, &quot;prims, primshapes,
</I>&gt;<i> terrain, region_asset&quot;
</I>&gt;<i>    are always tied-up together. the only thing you need to do is to edit
</I>&gt;<i> UGAI servers URI in
</I>&gt;<i>    your OpenSim.ini
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> For more advantages, please have a look at
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/User:Lulurun#Advantages">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/User:Lulurun#Advantages</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> If this is a good way to go, not so many changes is needed:
</I>&gt;<i> * UGAI servers would remain as they used to be.
</I>&gt;<i> * VW user won't feel anything different.
</I>&gt;<i> * Of course this should be a option in OpenSim.ini so that we can
</I>&gt;<i> enable/disable/config
</I>&gt;<i> * Just need to add supports for a new table &quot;RegionAssets&quot; with the same
</I>&gt;<i> structure as &quot;assets&quot;.
</I>&gt;<i> * AssetClient in RegionServer should be improved to be able to get assets
</I>&gt;<i> from mutilple servers.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> For more detailed plan of the implementation, please have a look at
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/User:Lulurun#Implementation">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/User:Lulurun#Implementation</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Any advice, comment, thought is appreciate.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> Lulurun
</I>&gt;<i> regards
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002105.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to subdivide the assets table
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="002072.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to subdivide the assets table
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2071">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2071">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2071">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2071">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
