<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-August/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20OpenSimulator%200.6%20Roadmap&In-Reply-To=%3C48B71C4A.9070502%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="002749.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="002773.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20OpenSimulator%200.6%20Roadmap&In-Reply-To=%3C48B71C4A.9070502%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Aug 28 23:44:42 CEST 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002749.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="002773.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2759">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2759">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2759">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2759">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Michael Wright wrote:
&gt;<i> I guess I caused some confusion here. This should be the 0.7 roadmap. I 
</I>&gt;<i> meant areas that could be looked at/done in the 0.6.x series. so the 0.6 
</I>&gt;<i> - 0.7 timeframe.  I didn't mean things that should be done before 
</I>&gt;<i> version 0.6.
</I>
Nah, it's my fault for completely misinterpreting what you wrote, since 
I see you were talking about the 0.6 series, not 0.6 itself.

I'll shut up now until I'm in a less dopey state :-)

&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I think for 0.6 it will be a case of just some bug fixes and finishing 
</I>&gt;<i> touches on what we already have.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> */Justin Clark-Casey &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;/* wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Sean Dague wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; Michael Wright wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; As 0.5.9 has just been tagged/released. I think it is a good
</I>&gt;<i>     time to start thinking in more details about what the goals for the
</I>&gt;<i>     0.6 series should be.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; There is a page on the wiki with some ideas, but by having this
</I>&gt;<i>     discussion here, hopefully we will get more input/debate. And some
</I>&gt;<i>     specifications might get wrote for some of the issues.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; Some of the areas that have been talked about/suggested are:
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; - New Xml Serialization format
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/OpenSim:Xml_Serialization">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/OpenSim:Xml_Serialization</A> has some
</I>&gt;<i>     ideas for a new format.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; There is also lot of confusion with the current two xml formats
</I>&gt;<i>     for prim serialisation. With no-one actually sure what version to
</I>&gt;<i>     use. With there actually being very little difference between them.
</I>&gt;<i>     So getting a new format would also help to clear up a user support
</I>&gt;<i>     issue.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; +1 on this. It would be great to actually have some sort of
</I>&gt;<i>     schema here
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; for our xml formats. I get asked about this *a lot*.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Yeah this will be an important thing. I think that there are two
</I>&gt;<i>     aspects to this, a format for internal serialization and a format for
</I>&gt;<i>     external serialization. Up until now we use what is effectively the
</I>&gt;<i>     same format albeit with some translation (internally we use xml, but
</I>&gt;<i>     externally there was a move towards xml2). It's possible that these
</I>&gt;<i>     formats should vary.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     In both cases, we probably need some kind of migration code. I'm
</I>&gt;<i>     imagining something very similar to what we have for sql, except using
</I>&gt;<i>     xslt to do the transformations.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     However, I personally think we could do 0.6 without this (maybe
</I>&gt;<i>     targeting it for 0.7 or something).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; - New Scripting Language / API
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; There has been a lot of talk lately of a new Scripting language
</I>&gt;<i>     or at least a generic API that scripting languages can hook onto.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; - Inter region communcations rewrite
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; Well what can we say about the current inter regions comms code,
</I>&gt;<i>     except it makes the rest of the code in opensim look like perfect
</I>&gt;<i>     examples of writing easy to read code.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; Heh. Agreed. :) I suspect that this will fit into the REST bit below.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; - Asset cache/handling
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; There has also been a lot of talk on this list in the past,
</I>&gt;<i>     about how to improve the asset handling/caching. And to make it more
</I>&gt;<i>     flexible.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; - Restructure and normalise code
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; Agreed. I've got some concrete bits here I'd like to take on in the
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; next couple of weeks.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; - Clean up the dababase layers
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; I believe sdague is currently working on this.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; I'm plugging away, though I think how I move forward there is
</I>&gt;<i>     going to
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; change a little. Email coming on that shortly.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; - Inter-grid protocol
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; There is some work being done on support for the Linden labs(tm)
</I>&gt;<i>     opengrid protocol. But it would also be nice if we had our own
</I>&gt;<i>     protocol that took advantage of all the features of opensim and was
</I>&gt;<i>     under our control.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; 100% agreed.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; The last bit that I'd add in here is the REST network interfaces for
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; OpenSim. I know Dirk has done a lot of that already, but getting
</I>&gt;<i>     us to
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; a set of consistent interfaces would be great here. I suspect we
</I>&gt;<i>     could
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; be reusing those same interfaces for internal data passing as well as
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; external integration.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     *Please* could you press IBM people for documentation on this? It's
</I>&gt;<i>     really not so useful to the rest of us if we have to read the code to
</I>&gt;<i>     figure out what it does.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     For my part, I would like to propose a goal of properly cleaning up
</I>&gt;<i>     region module modularization for 0.6. At the moment, everything gets
</I>&gt;<i>     chucked into OpenSim.ini (which is getting very long and confusing) and
</I>&gt;<i>     controlling what modules are loaded is done in an ad hoc style.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Ideally, I would hope that we get to a point where module settings are
</I>&gt;<i>     in each module's own ini file and there's some standard framework
</I>&gt;<i>     way to
</I>&gt;<i>     control whether or not they are loaded.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     I'm also going to be a little controversial and say that this is a nice
</I>&gt;<i>     wishlist, but if the past is anything to go by the majority of these
</I>&gt;<i>     things will not get done in the 0.6 timeframe. Hopefully we're not
</I>&gt;<i>     going to try and set this in stone :-)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     -- 
</I>&gt;<i>     justincc
</I>&gt;<i>     Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>     Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Send instant messages to your online friends <A HREF="http://uk.messenger.yahoo.com">http://uk.messenger.yahoo.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>

-- 
justincc
Justin Clark-Casey
<A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002749.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="002773.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2759">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2759">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2759">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2759">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
