<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-August/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20OpenSimulator%200.6%20Roadmap&In-Reply-To=%3C48B6EE29.7010209%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="002744.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="002750.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20OpenSimulator%200.6%20Roadmap&In-Reply-To=%3C48B6EE29.7010209%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Aug 28 20:27:53 CEST 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002744.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="002750.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2746">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2746">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2746">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2746">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
&gt;<i> Sean Dague wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Michael Wright wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> As 0.5.9 has just been tagged/released. I think it is a good time to 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> start thinking in more details about what the goals for the 0.6 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> series should be.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> There is a page on the wiki with some ideas, but by having this 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> discussion here, hopefully we will get more input/debate. And some 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> specifications might get wrote for some of the issues.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Some of the areas that have been talked about/suggested are:
</I>
Oops sorry - didn't properly read that these are just suggestions.  I 
blame the fact that I'm tired and have a cold (as well as having too 
much e-mail to read and too many opinions ;-)

Actually, I think we already had a roadmap for 0.6 (which Charles had 
been following)?  Perhaps these suggestions are better for 0.7 and beyond.

&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  - New Xml Serialization format      
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/OpenSim:Xml_Serialization">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/OpenSim:Xml_Serialization</A> has some 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ideas for a new format.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     There is also lot of confusion with the current two xml formats 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> for prim serialisation. With no-one actually sure what version to 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> use. With there actually being very little difference between them. 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> So getting a new format would also help to clear up a user support 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> issue.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> +1 on this.  It would be great to actually have some sort of schema here
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> for our xml formats.  I get asked about this *a lot*.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Yeah this will be an important thing.  I think that there are two 
</I>&gt;<i> aspects to this, a format for internal serialization and a format for 
</I>&gt;<i> external serialization.  Up until now we use what is effectively the 
</I>&gt;<i> same format albeit with some translation (internally we use xml, but 
</I>&gt;<i> externally there was a move towards xml2).  It's possible that these 
</I>&gt;<i> formats should vary.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> In both cases, we probably need some kind of migration code.  I'm 
</I>&gt;<i> imagining something very similar to what we have for sql, except using 
</I>&gt;<i> xslt to do the transformations.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> However, I personally think we could do 0.6 without this (maybe 
</I>&gt;<i> targeting it for 0.7 or something).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - New Scripting Language / API
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  There has been a lot of talk lately of a new Scripting language or 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> at least a generic API that scripting languages can hook onto.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Inter region communcations rewrite
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  Well what can we say about the current inter regions comms code, 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> except it makes the rest of the code in opensim look like perfect 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> examples of writing easy to read code.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Heh.  Agreed. :)  I suspect that this will fit into the REST bit below.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  - Asset cache/handling
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  There has also been a lot of talk on this list in the past, about 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> how to improve the asset handling/caching. And to make it more flexible.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Restructure and normalise code
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Agreed.  I've got some concrete bits here I'd like to take on in the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> next couple of weeks.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Clean up the dababase layers
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  I believe sdague is currently working on this. 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I'm plugging away, though I think how I move forward there is going to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> change a little.  Email coming on that shortly.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Inter-grid protocol
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> There is some work being done on support for the Linden labs(tm) 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> opengrid protocol. But it would also be nice if we had our own 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> protocol that took advantage of all the features of opensim and was 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> under our control. 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 100% agreed.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> The last bit that I'd add in here is the REST network interfaces for
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSim.  I know Dirk has done a lot of that already, but getting us to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> a set of consistent interfaces would be great here.  I suspect we could
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> be reusing those same interfaces for internal data passing as well as
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> external integration.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> *Please* could you press IBM people for documentation on this?  It's 
</I>&gt;<i> really not so useful to the rest of us if we have to read the code to 
</I>&gt;<i> figure out what it does.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> For my part, I would like to propose a goal of properly cleaning up 
</I>&gt;<i> region module modularization for 0.6.  At the moment, everything gets 
</I>&gt;<i> chucked into OpenSim.ini (which is getting very long and confusing) and 
</I>&gt;<i> controlling what modules are loaded is done in an ad hoc style.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Ideally, I would hope that we get to a point where module settings are 
</I>&gt;<i> in each module's own ini file and there's some standard framework way to 
</I>&gt;<i> control whether or not they are loaded.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I'm also going to be a little controversial and say that this is a nice 
</I>&gt;<i> wishlist, but if the past is anything to go by the majority of these 
</I>&gt;<i> things will not get done in the 0.6 timeframe.  Hopefully we're not 
</I>&gt;<i> going to try and set this in stone :-)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>

-- 
justincc
Justin Clark-Casey
<A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002744.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="002750.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2746">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2746">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2746">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2746">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
