<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-August/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20OpenSimulator%200.6%20Roadmap&In-Reply-To=%3C48B6EC52.2080900%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="002742.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="002746.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20OpenSimulator%200.6%20Roadmap&In-Reply-To=%3C48B6EC52.2080900%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Aug 28 20:20:02 CEST 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002742.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="002746.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2744">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2744">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2744">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2744">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Sean Dague wrote:
&gt;<i> Michael Wright wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> As 0.5.9 has just been tagged/released. I think it is a good time to start thinking in more details about what the goals for the 0.6 series should be. 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> There is a page on the wiki with some ideas, but by having this discussion here, hopefully we will get more input/debate. And some specifications might get wrote for some of the issues. 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Some of the areas that have been talked about/suggested are:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  - New Xml Serialization format 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>   
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/OpenSim:Xml_Serialization">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/OpenSim:Xml_Serialization</A> has some ideas for a new format.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     There is also lot of confusion with the current two xml formats for prim serialisation. With no-one actually sure what version to use. With there actually being very little difference between them. So getting a new format would also help to clear up a user support issue.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> +1 on this.  It would be great to actually have some sort of schema here
</I>&gt;<i> for our xml formats.  I get asked about this *a lot*.
</I>
Yeah this will be an important thing.  I think that there are two 
aspects to this, a format for internal serialization and a format for 
external serialization.  Up until now we use what is effectively the 
same format albeit with some translation (internally we use xml, but 
externally there was a move towards xml2).  It's possible that these 
formats should vary.

In both cases, we probably need some kind of migration code.  I'm 
imagining something very similar to what we have for sql, except using 
xslt to do the transformations.

However, I personally think we could do 0.6 without this (maybe 
targeting it for 0.7 or something).

&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - New Scripting Language / API
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  There has been a lot of talk lately of a new Scripting language or at least a generic API that scripting languages can hook onto.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Inter region communcations rewrite
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  Well what can we say about the current inter regions comms code, except it makes the rest of the code in opensim look like perfect examples of writing easy to read code.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Heh.  Agreed. :)  I suspect that this will fit into the REST bit below.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  - Asset cache/handling
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  There has also been a lot of talk on this list in the past, about how to improve the asset handling/caching. And to make it more flexible.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Restructure and normalise code
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Agreed.  I've got some concrete bits here I'd like to take on in the
</I>&gt;<i> next couple of weeks.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Clean up the dababase layers
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  I believe sdague is currently working on this. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I'm plugging away, though I think how I move forward there is going to
</I>&gt;<i> change a little.  Email coming on that shortly.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Inter-grid protocol
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> There is some work being done on support for the Linden labs(tm) opengrid protocol. But it would also be nice if we had our own protocol that took advantage of all the features of opensim and was under our control. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 100% agreed.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> The last bit that I'd add in here is the REST network interfaces for
</I>&gt;<i> OpenSim.  I know Dirk has done a lot of that already, but getting us to
</I>&gt;<i> a set of consistent interfaces would be great here.  I suspect we could
</I>&gt;<i> be reusing those same interfaces for internal data passing as well as
</I>&gt;<i> external integration.
</I>
*Please* could you press IBM people for documentation on this?  It's 
really not so useful to the rest of us if we have to read the code to 
figure out what it does.

For my part, I would like to propose a goal of properly cleaning up 
region module modularization for 0.6.  At the moment, everything gets 
chucked into OpenSim.ini (which is getting very long and confusing) and 
controlling what modules are loaded is done in an ad hoc style.

Ideally, I would hope that we get to a point where module settings are 
in each module's own ini file and there's some standard framework way to 
control whether or not they are loaded.

I'm also going to be a little controversial and say that this is a nice 
wishlist, but if the past is anything to go by the majority of these 
things will not get done in the 0.6 timeframe.  Hopefully we're not 
going to try and set this in stone :-)

-- 
justincc
Justin Clark-Casey
<A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002742.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="002746.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2744">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2744">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2744">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2744">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
