<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-August/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20OpenSimulator%200.6%20Roadmap&In-Reply-To=%3C48B6B428.8030404%40gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="002735.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="002744.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap</H1>
    <B>Sean Dague</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20OpenSimulator%200.6%20Roadmap&In-Reply-To=%3C48B6B428.8030404%40gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap">sdague at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Aug 28 16:20:24 CEST 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002735.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="002744.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2742">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2742">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2742">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2742">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Michael Wright wrote:
&gt;<i> As 0.5.9 has just been tagged/released. I think it is a good time to start thinking in more details about what the goals for the 0.6 series should be. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> There is a page on the wiki with some ideas, but by having this discussion here, hopefully we will get more input/debate. And some specifications might get wrote for some of the issues. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Some of the areas that have been talked about/suggested are:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  - New Xml Serialization format 
</I>&gt;<i>   
</I>&gt;<i>    <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/OpenSim:Xml_Serialization">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/OpenSim:Xml_Serialization</A> has some ideas for a new format.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     There is also lot of confusion with the current two xml formats for prim serialisation. With no-one actually sure what version to use. With there actually being very little difference between them. So getting a new format would also help to clear up a user support issue.
</I>
+1 on this.  It would be great to actually have some sort of schema here
for our xml formats.  I get asked about this *a lot*.

&gt;<i> - New Scripting Language / API
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  There has been a lot of talk lately of a new Scripting language or at least a generic API that scripting languages can hook onto.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> - Inter region communcations rewrite
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  Well what can we say about the current inter regions comms code, except it makes the rest of the code in opensim look like perfect examples of writing easy to read code.
</I>
Heh.  Agreed. :)  I suspect that this will fit into the REST bit below.

&gt;<i>  - Asset cache/handling
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  There has also been a lot of talk on this list in the past, about how to improve the asset handling/caching. And to make it more flexible.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> - Restructure and normalise code
</I>
Agreed.  I've got some concrete bits here I'd like to take on in the
next couple of weeks.

&gt;<i> - Clean up the dababase layers
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  I believe sdague is currently working on this. 
</I>
I'm plugging away, though I think how I move forward there is going to
change a little.  Email coming on that shortly.

&gt;<i> - Inter-grid protocol
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> There is some work being done on support for the Linden labs(tm) opengrid protocol. But it would also be nice if we had our own protocol that took advantage of all the features of opensim and was under our control. 
</I>
100% agreed.

The last bit that I'd add in here is the REST network interfaces for
OpenSim.  I know Dirk has done a lot of that already, but getting us to
a set of consistent interfaces would be great here.  I suspect we could
be reusing those same interfaces for internal data passing as well as
external integration.

	-Sean

-- 
Sean Dague / Neas Bade
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">sdague at gmail.com</A>
<A HREF="http://dague.net">http://dague.net</A>


-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: signature.asc
Type: application/pgp-signature
Size: 252 bytes
Desc: OpenPGP digital signature
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20080828/d6f71cbc/attachment.pgp">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20080828/d6f71cbc/attachment.pgp</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002735.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="002744.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2742">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2742">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2742">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2742">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
