<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev August 2008 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>August 2008 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Sat Aug  2 15:10:53 CEST 2008</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Sun Aug 31 21:31:43 CEST 2008</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 272<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="002550.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding osfunction
</A><A NAME="2550">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002551.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE Issue :S
</A><A NAME="2551">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002552.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE Issue :S
</A><A NAME="2552">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002553.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE Issue :S
</A><A NAME="2553">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002554.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE Issue :S
</A><A NAME="2554">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002555.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE Issue :S
</A><A NAME="2555">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002556.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE Issue :S
</A><A NAME="2556">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002557.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis#1888
</A><A NAME="2557">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002558.html">[Opensim-dev] Collaborative MS/Open Office document editing
</A><A NAME="2558">&nbsp;</A>
<I>gp at metafuturing.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002559.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding osfunction
</A><A NAME="2559">&nbsp;</A>
<I>krtaylor
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002560.html">[Opensim-dev] Collaborative MS/Open Office document editing
</A><A NAME="2560">&nbsp;</A>
<I>huangbo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002561.html">[Opensim-dev] SecondLife protocol dissector for wireshark.
</A><A NAME="2561">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002562.html">[Opensim-dev] SecondLife protocol dissector for wireshark.
</A><A NAME="2562">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert G. Jakabosky
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002563.html">[Opensim-dev] Server Question
</A><A NAME="2563">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rich White
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002564.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2564">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002565.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2565">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tim Shephard
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002566.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2566">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tim Shephard
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002567.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2567">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002568.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2568">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002569.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2569">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002570.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2570">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002571.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2571">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002572.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2572">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002573.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2573">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002574.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2574">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002575.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2575">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002576.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2576">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002579.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2579">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002578.html">[Opensim-dev] Server Question
</A><A NAME="2578">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002577.html">[Opensim-dev] Test
</A><A NAME="2577">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002580.html">[Opensim-dev] Thank-you...
</A><A NAME="2580">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Butch Arnold
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002581.html">[Opensim-dev] Server Question
</A><A NAME="2581">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002582.html">[Opensim-dev] Test
</A><A NAME="2582">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Butch Arnold
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002583.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2583">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002584.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2584">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002585.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2585">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002586.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2586">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002587.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2587">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002588.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2588">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002590.html">[Opensim-dev] New potential Project for using OpenSim throughout	New Zealand
</A><A NAME="2590">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002589.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2589">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002591.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2591">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002592.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2592">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002593.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2593">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002594.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2594">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002596.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2596">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002595.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2595">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002598.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2598">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002597.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2597">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002599.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2599">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002600.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2600">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002601.html">[Opensim-dev] Bit packing (was: Upcoming work on alternative	client stack)
</A><A NAME="2601">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002602.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2602">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002603.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2603">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002604.html">[Opensim-dev] Bit packing
</A><A NAME="2604">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002605.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2605">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002606.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2606">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002607.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2607">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002608.html">[Opensim-dev] creating objects from xml
</A><A NAME="2608">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002609.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2609">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002610.html">[Opensim-dev] Backwards Compatibility
</A><A NAME="2610">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hart, Drew E.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002611.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2611">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002612.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2612">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002613.html">[Opensim-dev] Re Justincc blog post: &quot;Could there be a future	without big grids? August 15, 2008&quot;
</A><A NAME="2613">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hart, Drew E.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002614.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2614">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002616.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2616">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002617.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2617">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Greensky
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002619.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2619">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002620.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2620">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002621.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2621">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002622.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2622">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002623.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2623">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002624.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2624">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002625.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2625">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002626.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2626">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002627.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2627">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002628.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2628">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002629.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2629">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002630.html">[Opensim-dev] Upcoming work on alternative client stack
</A><A NAME="2630">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002632.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2632">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002631.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing types in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2631">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002633.html">[Opensim-dev] [Gridnauts] Next step?
</A><A NAME="2633">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002634.html">[Opensim-dev] [Gridnauts] Next step?
</A><A NAME="2634">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Giulio Prisco
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002635.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5936	-	trunk/OpenSim/Tests/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/Shared/CodeTools
</A><A NAME="2635">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002636.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2636">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002637.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2637">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002638.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5936 - trunk/OpenSim/Tests/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/Shared/CodeTools
</A><A NAME="2638">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002639.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance on x64 vs x86
</A><A NAME="2639">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002640.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2640">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002641.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2641">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002642.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2642">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002643.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2643">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Homer Horwitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002644.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2644">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002645.html">[Opensim-dev] opensim.be/build ?
</A><A NAME="2645">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002646.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2646">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Homer Horwitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002647.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2647">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Greensky
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002648.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2648">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Homer Horwitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002649.html">[Opensim-dev] New Opensim features and minimum hosting hardware	requirements
</A><A NAME="2649">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002650.html">[Opensim-dev] New Opensim features and minimum hosting hardware requirements
</A><A NAME="2650">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002651.html">[Opensim-dev] New Opensim features and minimum hosting hardware	requirements
</A><A NAME="2651">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002652.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2652">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002653.html">[Opensim-dev] About log files ...
</A><A NAME="2653">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002654.html">[Opensim-dev] OGP and Region Handles (was: Re: [Gridnauts] Next	step?)
</A><A NAME="2654">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002655.html">[Opensim-dev] New Opensim features and minimum hosting hardware requirements
</A><A NAME="2655">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002656.html">[Opensim-dev] New Opensim features and minimum hosting hardware requirements
</A><A NAME="2656">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002657.html">[Opensim-dev] New Opensim features and minimum hosting hardware requirements
</A><A NAME="2657">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002658.html">[Opensim-dev] New Opensim features and minimum hosting hardware requirements
</A><A NAME="2658">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002659.html">[Opensim-dev] OGP and Region Handles (was: Re: [Gridnauts] Next	step?)
</A><A NAME="2659">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Suzy Deffeyes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002660.html">[Opensim-dev] OGP and Region Handles
</A><A NAME="2660">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002661.html">[Opensim-dev] realXtend Global inventory tests successful
</A><A NAME="2661">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jani Pirkola
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002662.html">[Opensim-dev] New Opensim features and minimum hosting hardware requirements
</A><A NAME="2662">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002663.html">[Opensim-dev] Our booth at VW Expo LA - Booth Boys,	Babes and Miscellaneous wanted
</A><A NAME="2663">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002664.html">[Opensim-dev] Our booth at VW Expo LA - Booth Boys,	Babes and Miscellaneous wanted
</A><A NAME="2664">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002665.html">[Opensim-dev] Our booth at VW Expo LA - Booth Boys,	Babes and Miscellaneous wanted
</A><A NAME="2665">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002666.html">[Opensim-dev] New Opensim features and minimum hosting hardware	requirements
</A><A NAME="2666">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Joshua Garvin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002667.html">[Opensim-dev] New Opensim features and minimum hosting hardware	requirements
</A><A NAME="2667">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tim Shephard
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002668.html">[Opensim-dev] Appearance can be fix! Help me please!
</A><A NAME="2668">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Binho .
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002669.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2669">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002670.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5988 -	trunk/OpenSim/Region/Environment/Modules/InterGrid
</A><A NAME="2670">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002671.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2671">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002672.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2672">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002673.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2673">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002674.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5988	-	trunk/OpenSim/Region/Environment/Modules/InterGrid
</A><A NAME="2674">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002675.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5988 -	trunk/OpenSim/Region/Environment/Modules/InterGrid
</A><A NAME="2675">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002676.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Meetings Google Callendar
</A><A NAME="2676">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002677.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2677">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002678.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Meetings Google Callendar
</A><A NAME="2678">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002679.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Meetings Google Callendar
</A><A NAME="2679">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002680.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Meetings Google Callendar
</A><A NAME="2680">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002681.html">[Opensim-dev] Two patches in Mantis this morning
</A><A NAME="2681">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002682.html">[Opensim-dev] Two patches in Mantis this morning
</A><A NAME="2682">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002683.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Meetings Google Callendar
</A><A NAME="2683">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002684.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2684">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002685.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2685">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002686.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2686">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002687.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2687">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002688.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2688">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002689.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2689">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002690.html">[Opensim-dev] How are we currently running the unit tests?
</A><A NAME="2690">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002691.html">[Opensim-dev] Region generator (mantis 2053)
</A><A NAME="2691">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002692.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2692">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002693.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2693">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002695.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2695">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mariusz Nowostawski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002694.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2694">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002696.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2696">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002697.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2697">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002698.html">[Opensim-dev] How are we currently running the unit tests?
</A><A NAME="2698">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002699.html">[Opensim-dev] (proposal) QA, Release and other tought
</A><A NAME="2699">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002700.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone having similar issues?
</A><A NAME="2700">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Butch Arnold
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002701.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone having similar issues?
</A><A NAME="2701">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Butch Arnold
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002702.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2702">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002703.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2703">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002704.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2704">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002705.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2705">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002706.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2706">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bulli
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002707.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2707">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002708.html">[Opensim-dev] Two new Mantis issues 8/27
</A><A NAME="2708">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002709.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2709">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002710.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2710">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mo Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002711.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2711">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002712.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2712">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002713.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2713">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mo Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002714.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2714">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002715.html">[Opensim-dev] cleaning out the pre-Migration upgrade paths in the	data stores
</A><A NAME="2715">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002716.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2716">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002717.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2717">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002718.html">[Opensim-dev] cleaning out the pre-Migration upgrade paths in the	data stores
</A><A NAME="2718">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002719.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2719">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002720.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2720">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002721.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance issue :S
</A><A NAME="2721">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002722.html">[Opensim-dev] cleaning out the pre-Migration upgrade paths in the	data stores
</A><A NAME="2722">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002723.html">[Opensim-dev] UGAI using google appengine: good or bad idea ?
</A><A NAME="2723">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Laurent B. 
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002724.html">[Opensim-dev] UGAI using google appengine: good or bad idea ?
</A><A NAME="2724">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002725.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone testing out mono 2 previews?
</A><A NAME="2725">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002726.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone testing out mono 2 previews?
</A><A NAME="2726">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002727.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Export
</A><A NAME="2727">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kayne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002731.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone testing out mono 2 previews?
</A><A NAME="2731">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mariusz Nowostawski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002728.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone testing out mono 2 previews?
</A><A NAME="2728">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002729.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone testing out mono 2 previews?
</A><A NAME="2729">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002730.html">[Opensim-dev] About Processing on Assets Table (Discussion #2057)
</A><A NAME="2730">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tao YANG (GMAIL)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002732.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone having similar issues?
</A><A NAME="2732">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mic Bowman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002733.html">[Opensim-dev] heads up: Virtual Worlds Roadmap special interest	group
</A><A NAME="2733">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeffrey Pope
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002734.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone testing out mono 2 previews?
</A><A NAME="2734">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002735.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2735">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002736.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone testing out mono 2 previews?
</A><A NAME="2736">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002738.html">[Opensim-dev] About Processing on Assets Table (Discussion	#2057)
</A><A NAME="2738">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002737.html">[Opensim-dev] About Processing on Assets Table (Discussion	#2057)
</A><A NAME="2737">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002739.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone testing out mono 2 previews?
</A><A NAME="2739">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002740.html">[Opensim-dev] About Processing on Assets Table (Discussion	#2057)
</A><A NAME="2740">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002741.html">[Opensim-dev] 8/28 Mantis patches
</A><A NAME="2741">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002742.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2742">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002743.html">[Opensim-dev] UGAI using google appengine: good or bad idea ?
</A><A NAME="2743">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Laurent
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002744.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2744">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002745.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Export
</A><A NAME="2745">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002746.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2746">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002747.html">[Opensim-dev] switch gears a bit,	thoughts on the state of the database in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2747">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002748.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2748">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002749.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2749">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002750.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2750">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002751.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2751">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002752.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2752">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002753.html">[Opensim-dev] Must fix items for 0.6?
</A><A NAME="2753">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002754.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2754">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002755.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2755">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002756.html">[Opensim-dev] Must fix items for 0.6?
</A><A NAME="2756">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002757.html">[Opensim-dev] Must fix items for 0.6?
</A><A NAME="2757">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002758.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2758">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002759.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2759">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002760.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2760">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002761.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2761">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002762.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer license issues [was: Re: OpenSimulator	0.7	(was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap]
</A><A NAME="2762">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002763.html">[Opensim-dev] About Processing on Assets Table (Discussion	#2057)
</A><A NAME="2763">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tao YANG (GMAIL)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002764.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer license issues [was: Re: OpenSimulator 0.7	(was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap]
</A><A NAME="2764">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002765.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer license issues [was: Re: OpenSimulator	0.7	(was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap]
</A><A NAME="2765">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002766.html">[Opensim-dev] switch gears a bit, thoughts on the state of the database in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2766">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002767.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2767">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002768.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2768">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002769.html">[Opensim-dev] About Processing on Assets Table	(Discussion	#2057)
</A><A NAME="2769">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002770.html">[Opensim-dev] Client talk [was OpenSimulator 0.7 (was	incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap]
</A><A NAME="2770">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002771.html">[Opensim-dev] Must fix items for 0.6?
</A><A NAME="2771">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002772.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2772">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002773.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2773">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002774.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer license issues [was: Re: OpenSimulator	0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap]
</A><A NAME="2774">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002775.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2775">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002776.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2776">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002777.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2777">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002778.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2778">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002779.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2779">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002781.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2781">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002780.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2780">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002782.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2782">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002786.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2786">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Toni Alatalo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002783.html">[Opensim-dev] switch gears a bit, thoughts on the state of the database in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2783">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002784.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2784">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002785.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer license issues [was: Re: OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap]
</A><A NAME="2785">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002788.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer license issues [was: Re: OpenSimulator 0.7	(was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap]
</A><A NAME="2788">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002787.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2787">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002789.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2789">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002791.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2791">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002790.html">[Opensim-dev] switch gears a bit, thoughts on the state of the database in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2790">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002792.html">[Opensim-dev] switch gears a bit, thoughts on the state of the database in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="2792">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002793.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2793">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002794.html">[Opensim-dev] how does libopenmv handle different versions of the	same packets?
</A><A NAME="2794">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002795.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer license issues
</A><A NAME="2795">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dickson, Mike (ISS Software)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002796.html">[Opensim-dev] how does libopenmv handle different versions of the	same packets?
</A><A NAME="2796">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002797.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7 (was incorrectly 0.6) Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2797">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002798.html">[Opensim-dev] How are we currently running the unit tests?
</A><A NAME="2798">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002799.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer license issues
</A><A NAME="2799">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002800.html">[Opensim-dev] openviewer
</A><A NAME="2800">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002801.html">[Opensim-dev] Another idea for the OpenSimulator 0.7 roadmap - increased automated unit test / regression testing
</A><A NAME="2801">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002802.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2802">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002803.html">[Opensim-dev] Another idea for the OpenSimulator 0.7 roadmap -	increased automated unit test / regression testing
</A><A NAME="2803">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002804.html">[Opensim-dev] SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="2804">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002805.html">[Opensim-dev] openviewer
</A><A NAME="2805">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002806.html">[Opensim-dev] Opt-in Stats Reporting?
</A><A NAME="2806">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002807.html">[Opensim-dev] Opt-in Stats Reporting?
</A><A NAME="2807">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002808.html">[Opensim-dev] Opt-in Stats Reporting?
</A><A NAME="2808">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002809.html">[Opensim-dev] Opt-in Stats Reporting?
</A><A NAME="2809">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002810.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.6 Roadmap
</A><A NAME="2810">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002811.html">[Opensim-dev] Opt-in Stats Reporting?
</A><A NAME="2811">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002812.html">[Opensim-dev] Opt-in Stats Reporting?
</A><A NAME="2812">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002813.html">[Opensim-dev] [libsl-dev] how does libopenmv handle different	versions of the same packets?
</A><A NAME="2813">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Hurliman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002814.html">[Opensim-dev] Another idea for the OpenSimulator 0.7 roadmap -	increased automated unit test / regression testing
</A><A NAME="2814">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mo Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002815.html">[Opensim-dev] Another idea for the OpenSimulator 0.7 roadmap	-	increased automated unit test / regression testing
</A><A NAME="2815">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002816.html">[Opensim-dev] [libsl-dev] how does libopenmv handle different	versions of the same packets?
</A><A NAME="2816">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002817.html">[Opensim-dev] Added fields to OpenSim tables
</A><A NAME="2817">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002818.html">[Opensim-dev] Added fields to OpenSim tables
</A><A NAME="2818">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002819.html">[Opensim-dev] Added fields to OpenSim tables
</A><A NAME="2819">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002820.html">[Opensim-dev] [libsl-dev] how does libopenmv handle	different	versions of the same packets?
</A><A NAME="2820">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002821.html">[Opensim-dev] Added fields to OpenSim tables
</A><A NAME="2821">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Homer Horwitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002822.html">[Opensim-dev] [libsl-dev] how does libopenmv handle different	versions of the same packets?
</A><A NAME="2822">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002823.html">[Opensim-dev] Added fields to OpenSim tables
</A><A NAME="2823">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Sun Aug 31 21:31:43 CEST 2008</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:30 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

