<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-July/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Deprecate%20OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer%20and%0A%09OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer%3F&In-Reply-To=%3Cc5851bcf0907090221s456be23evf1e028dac3d49fad%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="007063.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="007058.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?</H1>
    <B>Impalah</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Deprecate%20OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer%20and%0A%09OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer%3F&In-Reply-To=%3Cc5851bcf0907090221s456be23evf1e028dac3d49fad%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?">impalah at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Jul  9 11:21:59 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="007063.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="007058.html">[Opensim-dev] Visual Studio 2005 support
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#7064">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#7064">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#7064">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#7064">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>You've won the prize of &quot;Common sense guy of the year&quot;.

+1 on separating discussions... I'm lost since 7th or 8th message


2009/7/9 Stefan Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">lbsa71 at hotmail.com</A>&gt;

&gt;<i>  This discussion went west pretty fast it seems.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> To try to get things on track; this is what I&#8217;ve heard said, and proposed,
</I>&gt;<i> in roughly this proposed order:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 1)      The BUST architecture might or might not change name. **This is a
</I>&gt;<i> separate item for discussion**.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 2)      The BUST architecture should be documented. This documentation is
</I>&gt;<i> allegedly on the way, but should be seen as a work in progress, like always.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 3)      After discussing it thru, reviewing documentation, proofing and
</I>&gt;<i> accepting BUST, there will be a round of voting on a proposal to retire the
</I>&gt;<i> old exes from the core distro. Everything will ideally work the same, just
</I>&gt;<i> that the new exes are configured differently, and allows for way better
</I>&gt;<i> modularization.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 4)      The Cable Beach offspring AssetInventoryServer might or might not
</I>&gt;<i> move out of core. **This is a separate item for discussion**.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 5)      After retiring the old exes, we can start documenting and peer
</I>&gt;<i> reviewing ideas for how a new set of protocols (OGS2) could work. **This
</I>&gt;<i> is a separate item for discussion**.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 6)      Whether this new protocol should be developed in or outside of
</I>&gt;<i> trunk is part of that separate discussion.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 7)      BUST will allow OGS1 and OGS2 to exist side by side.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 8)      OGS1 might or might not be retired. **This is a separate item for
</I>&gt;<i> discussion**
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I think the vote to retire the exes came somewhat prematurely, jilting
</I>&gt;<i> people. Let&#8217;s keep these tracks well separated and move along in an orderly
</I>&gt;<i> fashion.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Just to put things in perspective, I would estimate bullets 5-8 probably to
</I>&gt;<i> be during 2010. Point 8 probably more around early 2011.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> /Stefan
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> [mailto:
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] *On Behalf Of *MW
</I>&gt;<i> *Sent:* den 9 juli 2009 02:43
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and
</I>&gt;<i> OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Where are all these remarks of great acclaim? This is the first I've heard
</I>&gt;<i> about a new protocol being designed without any plan at all.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I'm all for a new protocol but there needs to be a design and peer review.
</I>&gt;<i> Please stop adding any more work on a new protocol to the trunk until that
</I>&gt;<i> process can take place. As my vote is -1 (and consider it a veto vote) on
</I>&gt;<i> just writing it from a plan in your head when no one else knows what that
</I>&gt;<i> plan is.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --- On *Wed, 8/7/09, Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&gt;* wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> From: Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and
</I>&gt;<i> OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Date: Wednesday, 8 July, 2009, 11:42 PM
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> It doesn't need to be segregated. This can be done in trunk
</I>&gt;<i> perfectly well. We have had bad experiences with branches and I
</I>&gt;<i> believe there is a general aversion to them now.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> There is no need to push this outside of the core scope, especially
</I>&gt;<i> since it's already well underway. This whole discussion has been
</I>&gt;<i> totally sidetracked, questioning the project as a whole, a project
</I>&gt;<i> that has won great acclaim from my fellow core members and was,
</I>&gt;<i> among others, called &quot;long overdue&quot; and &quot;badly needed&quot;.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> This entire thread came from me trying to ascertain the fundamental
</I>&gt;<i> willingness to remove the monolithic servers _at some point_.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Melanie
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Gryc Ueusp wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; This is what branches are for.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Melanie wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; This can not be reasonably done on the forge..
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Melanie
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Charles Krinke wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Sounds like a good argument to put this new work on the forge.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; That way, we can get it wrung out, completed, functional, tested.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; This seems to me a reasonable and proper way to change the underlying
</I>&gt;<i> grid servers without having a revolution in mid-air.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Charles
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; ________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; From: Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=melanie@t-data.com">http://mc/compose?to=melanie@t-data.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2009 2:51:39 PM
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and
</I>&gt;<i> OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Which is precisely what is intended. But the old dinosaur servers
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; are in the way.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; You can rest assured no grids will be harmed in the making of these
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; servers - to paraphrase the movie industry....
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Melanie
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Charles Krinke wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I believe it is pretty important to ensure that we go forwards in a
</I>&gt;<i> compatible manner and not backwards.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Certainly new implementations of servers, executables, protocols and
</I>&gt;<i> the like are encouraged, but we also need to make sure that everything
</I>&gt;<i> continues to work.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Perhaps this new work should be on the forge. Perhaps it should be
</I>&gt;<i> done in such a way that the users can ultimately determine which server is
</I>&gt;<i> appropriate in a similar manner to differing physics implementations.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; But, regardless, I believe that moving forward in a compatible manner
</I>&gt;<i> and making sure we dont shoot ourselves in the foot is very important. I
</I>&gt;<i> would counsel caution *and* I would counsel some independent testing to make
</I>&gt;<i> sure we are moving forward in a predictable manner.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Charles
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; From: Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=melanie@t-data.com">http://mc/compose?to=melanie@t-data.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Sent: Wednesday, July 8, 2009 2:43:17 PM
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and
</I>&gt;<i> OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; This is not going to happen on the drawing board. It can't. And also
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; it would be taking the second step before the first.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; First, the existing protocols are converted to services, as it has
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; already happened to asset and inventory services. Those can then run
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; in B.U.S.T. with full compatibility.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Then the old server needs to go away. At this point one code base
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; has been replaced with another one without protocol changes.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; This creates a scenario where new protocols can be developed and
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; tested without breaking things. Here the protocols will evolve as
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; they are coded.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Finally, the new protocols will replace the old, after they have
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; been tested and used in production by early adopters.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Melanie
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; MW wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Well as Justin said, there needs to be plans/documents detailing all
</I>&gt;<i> the details of the replacement protocols before the process of replacing
</I>&gt;<i> them is began.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; --- On Wed, 8/7/09, Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=melanie@t-data.com">http://mc/compose?to=melanie@t-data.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; From: Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=melanie@t-data.com">http://mc/compose?to=melanie@t-data.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and
</I>&gt;<i> OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Date: Wednesday, 8 July, 2009, 9:08 PM
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Hi,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; But the real question was about your statement
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &quot;But changes are planned as we are moving to more sane protocols.&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; source:
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-July/006992.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-July/006992.html</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Who is the 'we' in this?  What are these protocols?  Why are they
</I>&gt;<i> more sane, etc., etc.?  This is an entirely different
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; question to generalizing the OpenSim grid servers.  Perhaps they
</I>&gt;<i> were not meant to be mixed up in this.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &quot;We&quot; is all of us, the project, for one, and Diva and I as the devs
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; driving this change, too.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Today's wire protocols are not sane. There is no point in
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; transferring ALL the user's inventory to EVERY region visited, just
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; to get the root folder ID, which is the only thing needed from that
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; potentially HUGE blob.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Just to mention one known bit of insanity.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Another part that is not sane is the user services. They aren't
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; natively equipped to handle the concept of no authentication or HG,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; or user levels, or scopes. They mix in data items that don't belong
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; together just because Linden did.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Assets were already made RESTful and so the asset protocol was
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; preserved unchanged.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; The grid server protocol is a lean one and changes will be minimal
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; (probably just a XMLRPC-&gt;REST conversion if they're not REST already)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Presence is totally insane again. It needs to be ripped out and
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; redone, now that we know more about real world demands large grids
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; place on the servers.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; With the modular architecture, that is a simple as snapping in
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; another connector. so if your grid uses a new RESTful gridserver
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; protocol, you just use the RESTGridConnector rather than the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; XMLLRPCGridConnector. The service providers and consumers stay the
</I>&gt;<i> same.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; The monolithic servers can't cope with that, so they need to go.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Melanie
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios..de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios..de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&lt;<A HREF="http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de">http://mc/compose?to=Opensim-dev@lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090709/78456667/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090709/78456667/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="007063.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="007058.html">[Opensim-dev] Visual Studio 2005 support
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#7064">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#7064">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#7064">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#7064">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
