<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev July 2009 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>July 2009 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Wed Jul  1 00:54:59 CEST 2009</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Fri Jul 31 20:41:05 CEST 2009</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 342<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="006930.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6930">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006931.html">[Opensim-dev] explanation of services
</A><A NAME="6931">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006932.html">[Opensim-dev] Kudos MW
</A><A NAME="6932">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Brianna
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006933.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r9924 - in trunk:	OpenSim/Region/ClientStack/LindenUDP bin
</A><A NAME="6933">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Sheridan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006934.html">[Opensim-dev] Remove Region from Grid Server
</A><A NAME="6934">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Marian Schramm | liventura
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006935.html">[Opensim-dev] Remove Region from Grid Server
</A><A NAME="6935">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006936.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding virtual to many methods on Region/Framework/*	for experimentation
</A><A NAME="6936">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006937.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding virtual to many methods on	Region/Framework/* for experimentation
</A><A NAME="6937">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006938.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding virtual to many methods on Region/Framework/* for experimentation
</A><A NAME="6938">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006939.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding virtual to many methods on	Region/Framework/*	for experimentation
</A><A NAME="6939">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006940.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Changing Runprebuild.bat
</A><A NAME="6940">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006941.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Changing Runprebuild.bat
</A><A NAME="6941">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006943.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Changing Runprebuild.bat
</A><A NAME="6943">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006942.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding virtual to many methods on Region/Framework/* for experimentation
</A><A NAME="6942">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006944.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding virtual to many methods on Region/Framework/* for experimentation
</A><A NAME="6944">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006945.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding virtual to many methods on Region/Framework/* for experimentation
</A><A NAME="6945">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006946.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Changing Runprebuild.bat
</A><A NAME="6946">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006947.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Changing Runprebuild.bat
</A><A NAME="6947">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006948.html">[Opensim-dev] Thoughts on SceneObjects
</A><A NAME="6948">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006949.html">[Opensim-dev] Thoughts on SceneObjects
</A><A NAME="6949">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006950.html">[Opensim-dev] Remove Region from Grid Server
</A><A NAME="6950">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006952.html">[Opensim-dev] CONSOLE (Redux)
</A><A NAME="6952">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006953.html">[Opensim-dev] CONSOLE (Redux)
</A><A NAME="6953">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006954.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding virtual to many methods on Region/Framework/* for experimentation
</A><A NAME="6954">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006955.html">[Opensim-dev] CONSOLE (Redux)
</A><A NAME="6955">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006956.html">[Opensim-dev] CONSOLE (Redux)
</A><A NAME="6956">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006957.html">[Opensim-dev] Thoughts on SceneObjects
</A><A NAME="6957">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006958.html">[Opensim-dev] Question: Collaborative tools in Opensim
</A><A NAME="6958">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006959.html">[Opensim-dev] Question: Collaborative tools in Opensim
</A><A NAME="6959">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006960.html">[Opensim-dev] Question: Collaborative tools in Opensim
</A><A NAME="6960">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006961.html">[Opensim-dev] Question: Collaborative tools in Opensim
</A><A NAME="6961">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gustavo Alberto Navarro Bilbao
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006962.html">[Opensim-dev] Question: Collaborative tools in Opensim
</A><A NAME="6962">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006963.html">[Opensim-dev] Thoughts on SceneObjects
</A><A NAME="6963">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Paul Fishwick
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006964.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance work on wiki
</A><A NAME="6964">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Arthur Valadares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006965.html">[Opensim-dev] Charts in C# - Region module
</A><A NAME="6965">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andr&#233; Filipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006966.html">[Opensim-dev] Charts in C# - Region module
</A><A NAME="6966">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall Slade
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006967.html">[Opensim-dev] JSON Stats
</A><A NAME="6967">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andr&#233; Filipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006968.html">[Opensim-dev] What does the MessagingServer do?
</A><A NAME="6968">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mojito Sorbet
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006969.html">[Opensim-dev] What does the MessagingServer do?
</A><A NAME="6969">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006970.html">[Opensim-dev] What does the MessagingServer do?
</A><A NAME="6970">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mojito Sorbet
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006971.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6971">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason Fisher
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006972.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6972">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006974.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6974">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006973.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6973">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006975.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6975">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006976.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6976">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006977.html">[Opensim-dev] Hosting Grids. :)
</A><A NAME="6977">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006978.html">[Opensim-dev] Hosting Grids. :)
</A><A NAME="6978">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006979.html">[Opensim-dev] REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS - Freelance OpenSim Setup
</A><A NAME="6979">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006980.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid Questions + Inventory Problem
</A><A NAME="6980">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Marian Schramm | liventura
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006981.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid Questions + Inventory Problem
</A><A NAME="6981">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006982.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6982">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006983.html">[Opensim-dev] Questions about JSON Stream at Opensim
</A><A NAME="6983">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andr&#233; Filipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006984.html">[Opensim-dev] Web content
</A><A NAME="6984">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olli Aro
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006985.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid Questions + Inventory Problem
</A><A NAME="6985">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006986.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid Questions + Inventory Problem
</A><A NAME="6986">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mojito Sorbet
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006987.html">[Opensim-dev]  Grid Questions + Inventory Problem
</A><A NAME="6987">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Marian Schramm | liventura
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006988.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6988">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006989.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6989">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006990.html">[Opensim-dev] Web content
</A><A NAME="6990">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006991.html">[Opensim-dev] REQUEST FOR PROPOSALS
</A><A NAME="6991">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006992.html">[Opensim-dev] Questions about JSON Stream at Opensim
</A><A NAME="6992">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall Slade
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006993.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="6993">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006994.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="6994">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006995.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="6995">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006996.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="6996">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006997.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6997">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006999.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="6999">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007000.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7000">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006998.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="6998">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007001.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7001">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007002.html">[Opensim-dev]	Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7002">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007003.html">[Opensim-dev]	Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7003">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007004.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7004">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Toni Alatalo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007005.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7005">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Len Brown
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007006.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7006">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007007.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7007">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007008.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7008">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007010.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7010">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007009.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7009">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007011.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7011">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Arthur Valadares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007012.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7012">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007014.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7014">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Len Brown
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007015.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7015">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007013.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7013">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007018.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7018">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007016.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7016">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007017.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7017">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007019.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7019">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007020.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7020">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007022.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7022">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007021.html">[Opensim-dev]	Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7021">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007023.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7023">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007024.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7024">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007026.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7026">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007025.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7025">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007027.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7027">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007028.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7028">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall Slade
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007029.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7029">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007030.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7030">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Hennessee
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007031.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7031">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007032.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7032">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007033.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7033">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007034.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7034">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sacha Magne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007035.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7035">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007036.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7036">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007037.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7037">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Hennessee
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007038.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7038">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Toni Alatalo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007040.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7040">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Snowdrop Short
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007039.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7039">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007041.html">[Opensim-dev]	Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7041">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007042.html">[Opensim-dev]	Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7042">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007043.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7043">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007045.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7045">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007044.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7044">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007047.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7047">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007046.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7046">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007048.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7048">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007049.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7049">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gryc Ueusp
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007050.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7050">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007051.html">[Opensim-dev]	Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7051">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007052.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7052">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007053.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7053">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007054.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7054">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007055.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7055">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007056.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7056">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Len Brown
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007057.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7057">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Sheridan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007058.html">[Opensim-dev] Visual Studio 2005 support
</A><A NAME="7058">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeff Ames
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007059.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7059">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007060.html">[Opensim-dev]	Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7060">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007061.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7061">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007062.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7062">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007063.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7063">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007064.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7064">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007065.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7065">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007066.html">[Opensim-dev]	Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7066">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Laurent B.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007067.html">[Opensim-dev]	Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7067">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007068.html">[Opensim-dev] Visual Studio 2005 support
</A><A NAME="7068">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007069.html">[Opensim-dev] Visual Studio 2005 support
</A><A NAME="7069">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007070.html">[Opensim-dev] Visual Studio 2005 support
</A><A NAME="7070">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007071.html">[Opensim-dev] Visual Studio 2005 support
</A><A NAME="7071">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeff Ames
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007072.html">[Opensim-dev] Visual Studio 2005 support
</A><A NAME="7072">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007073.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning w/ ODE &amp; llTargetOmega
</A><A NAME="7073">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007074.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning w/ ODE &amp; llTargetOmega
</A><A NAME="7074">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007075.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning w/ ODE &amp; llTargetOmega
</A><A NAME="7075">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frank Nichols
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007076.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: change opensim command line options for	console
</A><A NAME="7076">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007077.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: change opensim command line options for	console
</A><A NAME="7077">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007078.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: change opensim command line options	for	console
</A><A NAME="7078">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007079.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: change opensim command line options	for console
</A><A NAME="7079">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007080.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: change opensim command line options for	console
</A><A NAME="7080">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007081.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: change opensim command line options	for	console
</A><A NAME="7081">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007082.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: change opensim command line options	for console
</A><A NAME="7082">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007083.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7083">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007084.html">[Opensim-dev] odd crash bug with 0.66
</A><A NAME="7084">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007085.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7085">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007086.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7086">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007087.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7087">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007088.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7088">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007089.html">[Opensim-dev] mono *.exe crashes if screen is smaller than	created...
</A><A NAME="7089">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Hennessee
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007090.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7090">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007091.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7091">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007092.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7092">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007093.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7093">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007094.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7094">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007095.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change the OnDeRezObject event
</A><A NAME="7095">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007096.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning w/ ODE &amp; llTargetOmega
</A><A NAME="7096">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007097.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning w/ ODE &amp; llTargetOmega
</A><A NAME="7097">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Brianna
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007098.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning w/ ODE &amp; llTargetOmega
</A><A NAME="7098">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007099.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change module interface to indicate	replacable modules
</A><A NAME="7099">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007100.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: change opensim command line options for	console
</A><A NAME="7100">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007101.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning w/ ODE &amp; llTargetOmega
</A><A NAME="7101">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007102.html">[Opensim-dev] Where to put synthetic objects?
</A><A NAME="7102">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007103.html">[Opensim-dev] Not Busted with BUST
</A><A NAME="7103">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sacha Magne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007104.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change module interface to indicate	replacable modules
</A><A NAME="7104">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007105.html">[Opensim-dev] Sea Level
</A><A NAME="7105">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007106.html">[Opensim-dev] Sea Level
</A><A NAME="7106">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007107.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change module interface to indicate	replacable modules
</A><A NAME="7107">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007108.html">[Opensim-dev] Sea Level
</A><A NAME="7108">&nbsp;</A>
<I>jon cundill
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007109.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change module interface to indicate	replacable modules
</A><A NAME="7109">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007110.html">[Opensim-dev] mono *.exe crashes if screen is smaller than	created...
</A><A NAME="7110">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mojito Sorbet
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007111.html">[Opensim-dev] mono *.exe crashes if screen is smaller	than	created...
</A><A NAME="7111">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Torrid Luna
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007114.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change module interface to	indicate	replacable modules
</A><A NAME="7114">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007117.html">[Opensim-dev] mono *.exe crashes if screen is	smaller	than	created...
</A><A NAME="7117">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007112.html">[Opensim-dev] mono *.exe crashes if screen is smaller	than created...
</A><A NAME="7112">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007113.html">[Opensim-dev] mono *.exe crashes if screen is smaller than created...
</A><A NAME="7113">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mojito Sorbet
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007115.html">[Opensim-dev] mono *.exe crashes if screen is smaller than	created...
</A><A NAME="7115">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007116.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change module interface to indicate	replacable modules
</A><A NAME="7116">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007118.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7118">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007119.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7119">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007120.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Change module interface to indicate	replacable modules
</A><A NAME="7120">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007121.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7121">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007122.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7122">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007123.html">[Opensim-dev] mono *.exe crashes if screen	is	smaller	than	created...
</A><A NAME="7123">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007124.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7124">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007125.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7125">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007126.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7126">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007127.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7127">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007128.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7128">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007129.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7129">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007131.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7131">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007130.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7130">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007132.html">[Opensim-dev] mono *.exe crashes if screen is smaller	than	created...
</A><A NAME="7132">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Hennessee
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007133.html">[Opensim-dev] couple comments on configuration
</A><A NAME="7133">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mic Bowman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007134.html">[Opensim-dev] couple comments on configuration
</A><A NAME="7134">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007135.html">[Opensim-dev] couple comments on configuration
</A><A NAME="7135">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mic Bowman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007136.html">[Opensim-dev] couple comments on configuration
</A><A NAME="7136">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007137.html">[Opensim-dev] Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7137">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007138.html">[Opensim-dev]	Deprecate	OpenSim.Grid.InventoryServer	and	OpenSim.Grid.AssetServer?
</A><A NAME="7138">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007139.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: change opensim command line options for console
</A><A NAME="7139">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Arthur Valadares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007140.html">[Opensim-dev] STUN for OpenSim?
</A><A NAME="7140">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007141.html">[Opensim-dev] Where to put synthetic objects?
</A><A NAME="7141">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007142.html">[Opensim-dev] mono *.exe crashes if screen	is	smaller	than created...
</A><A NAME="7142">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Arthur Valadares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007143.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7143">&nbsp;</A>
<I>J Ross Nicoll
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007144.html">[Opensim-dev] [PACKETPOOL]: Failed to get packet of type Default
</A><A NAME="7144">&nbsp;</A>
<I>mniche-news
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007145.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7145">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Len Brown
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007146.html">[Opensim-dev] under consideration, transitioning to git
</A><A NAME="7146">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007147.html">[Opensim-dev] under consideration, transitioning to git
</A><A NAME="7147">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007148.html">[Opensim-dev] under consideration, transitioning to git
</A><A NAME="7148">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007149.html">[Opensim-dev] under consideration, transitioning to git
</A><A NAME="7149">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007150.html">[Opensim-dev] under consideration, transitioning to git
</A><A NAME="7150">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007151.html">[Opensim-dev] under consideration, transitioning to git
</A><A NAME="7151">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007152.html">[Opensim-dev] under consideration, transitioning to git
</A><A NAME="7152">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas Sol
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007153.html">[Opensim-dev] under consideration, transitioning to git
</A><A NAME="7153">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007154.html">[Opensim-dev] STUN for OpenSim?
</A><A NAME="7154">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mojito Sorbet
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007155.html">[Opensim-dev] ipv6? (was: STUN for OpenSim?)
</A><A NAME="7155">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007156.html">[Opensim-dev] STUN for OpenSim?
</A><A NAME="7156">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Infinity Linden
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007157.html">[Opensim-dev] STUN for OpenSim?
</A><A NAME="7157">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007158.html">[Opensim-dev] STUN for OpenSim?
</A><A NAME="7158">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007159.html">[Opensim-dev] under consideration, transitioning to git
</A><A NAME="7159">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007160.html">[Opensim-dev] under consideration, transitioning to git
</A><A NAME="7160">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007161.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for documentation - InventoryItems.InvType
</A><A NAME="7161">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007162.html">[Opensim-dev] ipv6? (was: STUN for OpenSim?)
</A><A NAME="7162">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007163.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for documentation - InventoryItems.InvType
</A><A NAME="7163">&nbsp;</A>
<I>jradford
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007165.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for documentation - InventoryItems.InvType
</A><A NAME="7165">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007166.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for documentation - InventoryItems.InvType
</A><A NAME="7166">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007167.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for documentation - InventoryItems.InvType
</A><A NAME="7167">&nbsp;</A>
<I>jradford
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007168.html">[Opensim-dev] Load Balencing
</A><A NAME="7168">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason Fisher
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007169.html">[Opensim-dev] Testers: Need a test
</A><A NAME="7169">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007170.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for documentation - InventoryItems.InvType
</A><A NAME="7170">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007171.html">[Opensim-dev] Web content
</A><A NAME="7171">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olli Aro
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007172.html">[Opensim-dev] [Proposal] Separate SceneObjectGroup/Part into	separate classes/interfaces
</A><A NAME="7172">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007173.html">[Opensim-dev] Attached Linksets and Collisions? (on SVN 10029)
</A><A NAME="7173">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Sheridan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007174.html">[Opensim-dev] Attached Linksets and Collisions? (on SVN 10029)
</A><A NAME="7174">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007175.html">[Opensim-dev] Attached Linksets and Collisions? (on SVN 10029)
</A><A NAME="7175">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Sheridan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007176.html">[Opensim-dev] [Proposal] Separate SceneObjectGroup/Part into separate classes/interfaces
</A><A NAME="7176">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007177.html">[Opensim-dev] Attached Linksets and Collisions? (on SVN 10029)
</A><A NAME="7177">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007178.html">[Opensim-dev] IClientAPI interface change warning. r10057
</A><A NAME="7178">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007179.html">[Opensim-dev] [Proposal] Separate SceneObjectGroup/Part into separate classes/interfaces
</A><A NAME="7179">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007180.html">[Opensim-dev] Looking for people with CLI/MSIL experience!
</A><A NAME="7180">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Imaze Rhiano
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007181.html">[Opensim-dev] Looking for people with CLI/MSIL experience!
</A><A NAME="7181">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007182.html">[Opensim-dev] World map - map doesnt load on large grids
</A><A NAME="7182">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007183.html">[Opensim-dev] Looking for people with CLI/MSIL experience!
</A><A NAME="7183">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Imaze Rhiano
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007184.html">[Opensim-dev] World map - map doesnt load on large grids
</A><A NAME="7184">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007185.html">[Opensim-dev] World map - map doesnt load on large grids
</A><A NAME="7185">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007186.html">[Opensim-dev] World map - map doesnt load on large grids
</A><A NAME="7186">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007187.html">[Opensim-dev] World map - map doesnt load on large grids
</A><A NAME="7187">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007188.html">[Opensim-dev] World map - map doesnt load on large grids
</A><A NAME="7188">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007189.html">[Opensim-dev] World map - map doesnt load on large grids
</A><A NAME="7189">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007190.html">[Opensim-dev] author names in git vs. svn
</A><A NAME="7190">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007191.html">[Opensim-dev] author names in git vs. svn
</A><A NAME="7191">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007192.html">[Opensim-dev] new git tree for testing
</A><A NAME="7192">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007193.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7193">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Malewski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007194.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7194">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007195.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7195">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Malewski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007197.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7197">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007198.html">[Opensim-dev] author names in git vs. svn
</A><A NAME="7198">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007196.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding &quot;health&quot;, &quot;stamina&quot;, &quot;attack&quot;, &quot;defense&quot;,	&quot;energy&quot; and 	points/currency system added.
</A><A NAME="7196">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Malewski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007199.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding &quot;health&quot;, &quot;stamina&quot;, &quot;attack&quot;, &quot;defense&quot;,	&quot;energy&quot; and points/currency system added.
</A><A NAME="7199">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007200.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7200">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007201.html">[Opensim-dev] Guest Mode
</A><A NAME="7201">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Narbonne Christophe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007202.html">[Opensim-dev] Guest Mode
</A><A NAME="7202">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007203.html">[Opensim-dev] Looking for people with CLI/MSIL experience!
</A><A NAME="7203">&nbsp;</A>
<I>J Ross Nicoll
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007204.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7204">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007205.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7205">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gustavo Alberto Navarro Bilbao
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007206.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7206">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007207.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7207">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007208.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7208">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Paul Fishwick
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007209.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7209">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frank Nichols
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007210.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7210">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gustavo Alberto Navarro Bilbao
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007211.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7211">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007212.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7212">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007213.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7213">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007214.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7214">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007215.html">[Opensim-dev] author names in git vs. svn
</A><A NAME="7215">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007216.html">[Opensim-dev] author names in git vs. svn
</A><A NAME="7216">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007217.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7217">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007218.html">[Opensim-dev] author names in git vs. svn
</A><A NAME="7218">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007219.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7219">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Shack Dougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007220.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7220">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007221.html">[Opensim-dev] The state of content tools
</A><A NAME="7221">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007222.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning: Various Base types and Interface changes	with libOMV 0.7.0
</A><A NAME="7222">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007223.html">[Opensim-dev] Guest Mode
</A><A NAME="7223">&nbsp;</A>
<I>To Dr
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007224.html">[Opensim-dev] Avatar is Cloud on Login
</A><A NAME="7224">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fish Kungfu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007225.html">[Opensim-dev] Avatar is Cloud on Login
</A><A NAME="7225">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007226.html">[Opensim-dev] Bump GridComms Version Notice
</A><A NAME="7226">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007227.html">[Opensim-dev] Bump GridComms Version Notice
</A><A NAME="7227">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007228.html">[Opensim-dev] Bump GridComms Version Notice
</A><A NAME="7228">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jim Radford
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007229.html">[Opensim-dev] Bump GridComms Version Notice
</A><A NAME="7229">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007230.html">[Opensim-dev] Bump GridComms Version Notice
</A><A NAME="7230">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007231.html">[Opensim-dev] Bump GridComms Version Notice
</A><A NAME="7231">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jim Radford
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007232.html">[Opensim-dev] Avatar is Cloud on Login
</A><A NAME="7232">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fish Kungfu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007233.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7233">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thomas Grimshaw
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007234.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7234">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007235.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7235">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007236.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7236">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007237.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7237">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007238.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7238">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007239.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7239">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007240.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7240">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007242.html">[Opensim-dev] secure server communication
</A><A NAME="7242">&nbsp;</A>
<I>orion hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007243.html">[Opensim-dev] Avatar is Cloud on Login
</A><A NAME="7243">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Arthur Valadares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007244.html">[Opensim-dev] Avatar is Cloud on Login
</A><A NAME="7244">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fish Kungfu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007245.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7245">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007247.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7247">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007249.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7249">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007250.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7250">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007251.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7251">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gustavo Alberto Navarro Bilbao
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007252.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7252">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007253.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7253">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christophe, Jean-Charles Narbonne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007254.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7254">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007255.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7255">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007256.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7256">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007257.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7257">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Shue, John A
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007258.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7258">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christophe, Jean-Charles Narbonne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007259.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7259">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007260.html">[Opensim-dev] Very Good Git Book
</A><A NAME="7260">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007261.html">[Opensim-dev] author names in git vs. svn
</A><A NAME="7261">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007262.html">[Opensim-dev] author names in git vs. svn
</A><A NAME="7262">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Arthur Valadares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007263.html">[Opensim-dev] Threads, threads, threads and more threads
</A><A NAME="7263">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007264.html">[Opensim-dev] Threads, threads, threads and more threads
</A><A NAME="7264">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007265.html">[Opensim-dev] Threads, threads, threads and more threads
</A><A NAME="7265">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007266.html">[Opensim-dev] Threads, threads, threads and more threads
</A><A NAME="7266">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007267.html">[Opensim-dev] Threads, threads, threads and more threads
</A><A NAME="7267">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007268.html">[Opensim-dev] Threads, threads, threads and more threads
</A><A NAME="7268">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007269.html">[Opensim-dev] Threads, threads, threads and more threads
</A><A NAME="7269">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thomas Grimshaw
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007270.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7270">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mojito Sorbet
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007271.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7271">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thomas Grimshaw
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007272.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7272">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007273.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory loss
</A><A NAME="7273">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mojito Sorbet
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007274.html">[Opensim-dev] Threads, threads, threads and more threads
</A><A NAME="7274">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mojito Sorbet
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007275.html">[Opensim-dev] Threads, threads, threads and more threads
</A><A NAME="7275">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lake, Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007277.html">[Opensim-dev] Threads, threads, threads and more threads
</A><A NAME="7277">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mojito Sorbet
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Fri Jul 31 20:41:05 CEST 2009</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:41 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

