<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Adding new modules to OpenSim.Region.OptionalModules?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2011-April/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Adding%20new%20modules%20to%20OpenSim.Region.OptionalModules%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4DBB1DDC.60902%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="010126.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="010128.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Adding new modules to OpenSim.Region.OptionalModules?</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Adding%20new%20modules%20to%20OpenSim.Region.OptionalModules%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4DBB1DDC.60902%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Adding new modules to OpenSim.Region.OptionalModules?">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Apr 29 22:21:48 CEST 2011</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010126.html">[Opensim-dev] Region scalability of OpenSim
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="010128.html">[Opensim-dev] Capabilities
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10127">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10127">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10127">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10127">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi folks.  For a couple of weeks now I've been tracking a module being put together by allquixotic that can perform 
periodic OAR backups using different file naming strategies (e.g. time, sequential, overwrite).

This seems to be useful functionality and could possibly be turned to other uses/experimentation (e.g. persisting region 
data by snapshotting an OAR periodicially rather than writing discrete objects to the region db).

The implicit proposal has been to add this module to OpenSim.Region.OptionalModules.

Now, nothing new has been added to OptionalModules for quite some time.  In fact, afair one of the original motivations 
for this package was that the content could gradually be moved out of the main project.

However, at the current ecosystem size, I believe that there continues to be value in adding generic modules here.  It 
makes OpenSim itself more useful and keeps time and attention focussed on the project rather than going elsewhere.

Ultimately, one could create a package system (like apt-get or perl's CPAN) where modules can be browsed and installed 
from a single location, either in OpenSim directly or in a downstream distribution.  But I don't think we're at a point 
yet where the will/manpower is available to create or maintain this.

The downside of including modules is that it adds to codebase complexity and maintenance burden.  However, I don't think 
this is too bad as long as modules have a sponsoring core developer (whoever applied the patches) and that we are 
prepared to aggressively remove unmaintained code.

Having said that, there would still be a line.  Modules that represent complete applications, for instance, will never 
be suitable for direct inclusion.  Equally, modules that are very specific (e.g. one that plays happy birthday when a 
birthday user arrives on a sim) wouldn't be suitable either.

To be honest, this isn't much different from current practice - over the past 3 and a half years many modules and other 
sections of code have come and sometimes gone, though these have generally come directly from core developers (with the 
exception of various modules from mcortez).  But I would very much like to know if there are differing views on the 
above or objections to new generic optional modules at this time.

Also, if there is general agreement then I will document the policy/guidelines - I don't think anything yet exists on 
this topic.

Regards,

-- 
Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
<A HREF="http://justincc.org/blog">http://justincc.org/blog</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010126.html">[Opensim-dev] Region scalability of OpenSim
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="010128.html">[Opensim-dev] Capabilities
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10127">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10127">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10127">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10127">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
