<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Update for group module &amp; flotsam
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2012-October/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Update%20for%20group%20module%20%26%20flotsam&In-Reply-To=%3CCAAQTD4UO-_Mn4K1wQVrTD_w9R_XVm1%2Bu9g20OKDkm%2BCMgfZegw%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="011441.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="011445.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Update for group module &amp; flotsam</H1>
    <B>Dahlia Trimble</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Update%20for%20group%20module%20%26%20flotsam&In-Reply-To=%3CCAAQTD4UO-_Mn4K1wQVrTD_w9R_XVm1%2Bu9g20OKDkm%2BCMgfZegw%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Update for group module &amp; flotsam">dahliatrimble at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sat Oct 20 10:43:15 CEST 2012</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="011441.html">[Opensim-dev] Update for group module &amp; flotsam
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="011445.html">[Opensim-dev] Update for group module &amp; flotsam
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#11443">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#11443">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#11443">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#11443">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Justin, would that conflict with this?
<A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/viewgit/?a=commit&amp;p=opensim&amp;h=1e899704c1c19a8c42ff313677a13f35b46605da">http://opensimulator.org/viewgit/?a=commit&amp;p=opensim&amp;h=1e899704c1c19a8c42ff313677a13f35b46605da</A>


On Fri, Oct 19, 2012 at 7:32 PM, Justin Clark-Casey &lt;
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> Regarding the groups work, I have now implemented an OpenSimulator
</I>&gt;<i> experimental option, MessageOnlineUsersOnly in [Groups] as of git master
</I>&gt;<i> 1937e5f.  When set to true this will only send group IMs to online users.
</I>&gt;<i>  This does not require a groups service update.  I believe OSGrid is going
</I>&gt;<i> to test this more extensively soon though it appears to work fine on Wright
</I>&gt;<i> Plaza.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> It's temporarily a little spammy on the console right now (what isn't!)
</I>&gt;<i> with a debug message that says how many online users it is sending to and
</I>&gt;<i> how long a send takes.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Unlike Michelle's solution, this works by querying the Presence service
</I>&gt;<i> for online users, though it also caches this data to avoid hitting the
</I>&gt;<i> presence service too hard.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Even though I implemented this, I'm not convinced that it's the best way
</I>&gt;<i> to go - I think Michelle's approach of sending login/logoff status directly
</I>&gt;<i> from simulator to groups service could still be better.  My chief concern
</I>&gt;<i> with the groups approach is the potential inconsistency between online
</I>&gt;<i> status stored there and in the Presence service.  However, this could be a
</I>&gt;<i> non-issue.  Need to give it more thought.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On 14/10/12 22:53, Akira Sonoda wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> IMHO finding out which group members are online and sending group
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> IM/Notice etc. to them actually should not be done by
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the region server from which the group IM/notice etc. is sent.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> This is a task which should be done centrally in case of OSgrid in Dallas
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> TX (
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://wiki.osgrid.org/index.**php/Infrastructure&lt;http://wiki.osgrid.org/index.php/Infrastructure">http://wiki.osgrid.org/index.**php/Infrastructure&lt;http://wiki.osgrid.org/index.php/Infrastructure</A>&gt;). The region server should only collect the group IM/notice etc. and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> send it to the central group server or in the other way receiving
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> IM/notice etc. from the central group server and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> distribute it to the Agents active on the region(s).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> That concentrates all distribution on a central point rather than
</I>&gt;<i> spreading it amongst simulators.  Then OSGrid has the problem of scaling
</I>&gt;<i> this up.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Having said that, there are advantages to funnelling things through a
</I>&gt;<i> reliable central point.  As to which is better is a complicated engineering
</I>&gt;<i> issue - the kind of which there are many in the MMO/VW space.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> But there are even other places which can and should be improved. I did
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> some tests with some viewers counting the web
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> requests to the central infrastructure:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Test 1: Teleport from a Plaza to one of my regions located on a server in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Europe and afterwards logging out:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Cool VL Viewer: 912 Requests mostly SynchronousRestForms POST
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://presence.osgrid.org/**presence&lt;http://presence.osgrid.org/presence">http://presence.osgrid.org/**presence&lt;http://presence.osgrid.org/presence</A>&gt;( i guess to inform
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> all my 809 friends [mostly only 5% online] I am going offline because the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> calls to the presence service were done after
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> i closed the viewer)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Singularity Veiwer: 921 Requests mostly calls to presence after logoff
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Teapot viewer: 910 Requests mostly calls to presence after logoff
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Astra Viewer: 917 Requests mostly calls to presence after logoff
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Firestorm: 1005 Requests mostly calls to presence after logoff
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Imprudence: 918 mostly calls to presence after logoff
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> So far so good. I have no idea why my 760 offline friends have to be
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> informed that I went offline ...
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> (Details can be found here: <A HREF="https://docs.google.com/open?**id=**">https://docs.google.com/open?**id=**</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 0B301xueh1kxdNG1wLWo2YVVfYjA&lt;<A HREF="https://docs.google.com/open?id=0B301xueh1kxdNG1wLWo2YVVfYjA">https://docs.google.com/open?id=0B301xueh1kxdNG1wLWo2YVVfYjA</A>&gt;)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Test 2: Direct Login onto my Region and then Logoff-( with
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> FetchInventory2 disabled )
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Cool VL Viewer: 2232 Requests mostly calls to presence ~800 during login
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> and ~800 during logout and xinventory
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Singularity Viwer: 2340 Requests mostly calls to presence and xinventory
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Teapot Viewer: Produced 500+ Threads in a very short time and then the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSim.exe crashed
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Astra Viewer: 2831 Request mostly calls to presence and xinventory
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Firestorm Viwer: ACK Timeout for me. OpenSim.exe survived on 500 Threads
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> for 30+ minutes producing 4996 Requests mostly
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> xinventory
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Imprudence: 1745 Requests mostly presence
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Again why do all my 809 friends have do be verified with single requests?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Then why this difference in xinventory
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Requests? And why are both Teapot and Firestorm producing so many Threads
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> in such a short time? and bring OpenSim.exe to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> crash or closely to crash ...
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ( Details can be found here: <A HREF="https://docs.google.com/open?**id=**">https://docs.google.com/open?**id=**</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 0B301xueh1kxdMDJxWm5UR2QtU2c&lt;<A HREF="https://docs.google.com/open?id=0B301xueh1kxdMDJxWm5UR2QtU2c">https://docs.google.com/open?id=0B301xueh1kxdMDJxWm5UR2QtU2c</A>&gt;)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> The presence information is useful data and it was possible in git master
</I>&gt;<i> commit da2b23f to change the Friends module to fetch all presence data in
</I>&gt;<i> one call for status notification when a user goes on/offline, rather than
</I>&gt;<i> make a separate call for each friend.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> This should be more efficient since only the latency and resources of one
</I>&gt;<i> call is required.  However, since each friend still has to be messaged
</I>&gt;<i> separately to tell them of the status change I'm not sure how much
</I>&gt;<i> practical effect this will have.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Test 3: Direct Login to my Region with FetchInventory2 enabled.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Teapot Viewer: I closed the viwer after 30 minutes. Number of Threads
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> were still rising up to 260. In the end i counted
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 30634 xinventory requests... My Inventory has 14190 items !!!
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Firestorm Viwer: Quite normal approx 2020 Requests ... quite some slow
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> FetchInventoryDescendandts2 Caps. with 100 sec max
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Regarding inventory service, unfortunately many viewers appear to behave
</I>&gt;<i> very aggressively when fetching inventory information.  For instance, I'm
</I>&gt;<i> told that if you have certain types of AO enabled - some viewers will fetch
</I>&gt;<i> your entire inventory.  The LL infrastructure may be able to cope with this
</I>&gt;<i> but the more modest machines running grids can have trouble, it seems.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I'm not sure what the long term solution is.  I suspect it's possible to
</I>&gt;<i> greatly increase inventory fetch efficiency, possibly by some kind of call
</I>&gt;<i> batching.  Or perhaps there's some viewer-side caching that OpenSimulator
</I>&gt;<i> isn't working with properly.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ( Details can be found here: <A HREF="https://docs.google.com/open?**id=**">https://docs.google.com/open?**id=**</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 0B301xueh1kxdNEtEeUVFamU1QUE&lt;<A HREF="https://docs.google.com/open?id=0B301xueh1kxdNEtEeUVFamU1QUE">https://docs.google.com/open?id=0B301xueh1kxdNEtEeUVFamU1QUE</A>&gt;)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Just my observations this week end.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Akira
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 2012/10/13 Justin Clark-Casey &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A> &lt;mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.</A>**com &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     Hi Michelle.  I've now had some more time to think about this.  In
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> fact, I established a proposal summary page at
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     [1] which I'll change as we go along (or please feel free to change
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> yourself).  We do need to fix this problem of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     group IM taking massive time with groups that aren't that big.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     I do like the approach of caching online status (and login time) in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the groups service.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     1.  It's reasonably simple.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     2.  One network call to fetch online group members per IM.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     3.  May allow messaging across multiple OpenSimulator installations.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     However, this approach does mean
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     1.  Independently updating the groups services on each login/logout.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  I'm not saying this is a problem, particularly
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     if it saves traffic later on.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     2.  Groups service has to deal with extra information.  Again, this
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> is fairly simple so not necessarily a fatal
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     issue though it does mean every groups implementations needs to do
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> this in some manner.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     3.  Online cache is not reusable by other services in the future.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     On a technical note, the XmlRpc groups module does in theory cache
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> data for 30 seconds by default, so a change in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     online status may not be seen for upto 30 seconds.  I personally
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> think that this is a reasonable tradeoff.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     Rather, of the above cons, 3 is the one I'm finding most serious.  If
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> other services would also benefit from online
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     status caching in the future, they would have to implement their own
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> caches (and be updated from simulators).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     I do agree that making a GridUser.LoggedIn() call for every single
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> group member on every single IM is unworkable.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>       Even if this is only done once and cached for a certain period of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> time it could be a major issue for large groups.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     So an alternative approach could be to add a new call to GridUser
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> service (maybe LoggedIn(List&lt;UUID&gt;) that will only
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     return GridInfo for those that are logged in.  This could then be
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> cached simulator-side for a certain period of time
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     (e.g. 30 seconds like the groups information) and used for group IM.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     This has the advantages that
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     1.  Groups and future services don't need to do their own login
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> caching.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     2.  Future services can use the same information and code rather than
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> have to cache login information themselves.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     However, it does
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     1.  Require GridUserInfo caching simulator-side, I would judge this
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> to be a more complex approach.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     2.  Mean that during the cache period, new online group messages will
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> not receive messages.  (this is going to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     happen with GetGroupMembers() caching anyway).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     3.  Traffic is still generated to the GridUser service at the end of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> every simulator-side caching period.  This is
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     probably not a huge burden.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     So right now, I'm somewhat more in favour of a GridUserInfo
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> simulator-side caching approach than caching login
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     information within the groups service.  However, unlike you, I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> haven't actually tried to implement this approach so
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     there may well be issues that I haven't seen.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     What do you think, Michelle (or anybody else)?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     On 10/10/12 19:47, Michelle Argus wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>         <A HREF="http://code.google.com/p/__**flotsam/&lt;http://code.google.com/p/__flotsam/">http://code.google.com/p/__**flotsam/&lt;http://code.google.com/p/__flotsam/</A>&gt;&lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://code.google.com/p/**flotsam/">http://code.google.com/p/**flotsam/</A> &lt;<A HREF="http://code.google.com/p/flotsam/">http://code.google.com/p/flotsam/</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> is the the current flotsam version and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>         points to the github repro which I forked and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>         then patched.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>         None of the changes I proposed in my git fork have been
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> implemented, neither in opensim nor in flotsam.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>            Consider my proposal as a quick fix for the time beeing which
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> does not solve all other issues mentioned by later
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>         mailings.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>         Am 09.10.2012 10:24, schrieb Ai Austin:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             Michelle Argus on Wed Oct 3 18:00:23 CEST 2012:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>                 I have added some changes to the group module of OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> and the flotsam server.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>                 ...
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>                 The changes can be found in the 2 gits here: &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.com/**MAReantals_">https://github.com/**MAReantals_</A>_ &lt;<A HREF="https://github.com/MAReantals__">https://github.com/MAReantals__</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://github.**com/MAReantals">https://github.**com/MAReantals</A> &lt;<A HREF="https://github.com/MAReantals">https://github.com/MAReantals</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>                 NB: Both changes to flotsam and opensim are backward
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> compatible and do
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>                 not require that both parts are updated. If some
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> simulators are not
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>                 updated it can happen that some groupmembers do not
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> receive
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>                 groupmessages as their online status is not updated
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> correctly. In a grid
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>                 like OSgrid my recomendation would thus be to first
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> update the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>                 simulators and at a later stage flotsam.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             Hi Michelle... I am looking at what is needed to update the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Openvue grid which is using the flotsam XmlRpcGroups
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             module.  the GITHub repository has the changes from a few
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> days ago... but I wonder if there has been an
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             update/commit
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             into the main Opensim Github area already.  I cannot see a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  related commit looking back over the last week
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             or so.  Is
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             the core system updated so this module is up to date in that?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  I also note that the Opensim.ini.example file
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             contains
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             a reference to <A HREF="http://code.google.com/p/__**flotsam/&lt;http://code.google.com/p/__flotsam/">http://code.google.com/p/__**flotsam/&lt;http://code.google.com/p/__flotsam/</A>&gt;&lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://code.google.com/p/**flotsam/">http://code.google.com/p/**flotsam/</A> &lt;<A HREF="http://code.google.com/p/flotsam/">http://code.google.com/p/flotsam/</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> for details of how to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             install the service.. but that seems to be
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             pointing at an out of date version?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             I think for the flotsam php end it is straightforward and I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> obtained the changed groups.sql and xmlrpc.php files
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             needed.  But note that people are still pointed via the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> opensim.ini.example comments at the old version on
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             <A HREF="http://code.google.com/p/__**flotsam/&lt;http://code.google.com/p/__flotsam/">http://code.google.com/p/__**flotsam/&lt;http://code.google.com/p/__flotsam/</A>&gt;&lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://code.google.com/p/**flotsam/">http://code.google.com/p/**flotsam/</A> &lt;<A HREF="http://code.google.com/p/flotsam/">http://code.google.com/p/flotsam/</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> so that either needs updating to teh
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             latest version, or the comment in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             opensim.ini.exmaple needs to be changed.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             To avoid mistakes, I wonder if you can clarify where to go
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> for the parts needed and at what revision/date of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             0.7.5 dev master this was introduced, what to get and what to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> change for an existing service in terms of the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             data base
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             tables, OpenSim.exe instance and the web support php code
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> areas?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             Thanks Michelle, Ai
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             ______________________________**___________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.</A>**
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> berlios.de &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>             <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/__**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/__mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/__**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/__mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;&lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>         ______________________________**___________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>         Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>         <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.</A>**
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> berlios.de &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>         <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/__**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/__mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/__**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/__mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;&lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     OSVW Consulting
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     ______________________________**___________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.</A>**berlios.de&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/__**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/__mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/__**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/__mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;&lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ______________________________**_________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;<i> OSVW Consulting
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;<i> ______________________________**_________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20121020/27822943/attachment-0001.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20121020/27822943/attachment-0001.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="011441.html">[Opensim-dev] Update for group module &amp; flotsam
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="011445.html">[Opensim-dev] Update for group module &amp; flotsam
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#11443">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#11443">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#11443">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#11443">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
