<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Prep of 0.7.0.2 - suggested master commits for 0.7	post-fixes
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-August/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Prep%20of%200.7.0.2%20-%20suggested%20master%20commits%20for%200.7%0A%09post-fixes&In-Reply-To=%3C4c7974f3.42ecd80a.13a5.ffffbf03%40mx.google.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="009354.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="009321.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Prep of 0.7.0.2 - suggested master commits for 0.7	post-fixes</H1>
    <B>Ai Austin</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Prep%20of%200.7.0.2%20-%20suggested%20master%20commits%20for%200.7%0A%09post-fixes&In-Reply-To=%3C4c7974f3.42ecd80a.13a5.ffffbf03%40mx.google.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Prep of 0.7.0.2 - suggested master commits for 0.7	post-fixes">ai.ai.austin at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sat Aug 28 22:43:26 CEST 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="009354.html">[Opensim-dev] Global identifiers
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="009321.html">[Opensim-dev] Global identifiers
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#9319">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#9319">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#9319">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#9319">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>For Diva, can I suggest a couple more commits in master and not yet 
in 0.7 post-fixes.

a) r/13680 by melanie which fixes minor typo in comment in r/13677 
which is already in 0.7 post-fixes as r/13682

b) r/13744 and maybe r/13745 by Justin C-C which allows / as leading 
syntax  for inventory folders in save iar, etc.

Is the plan to pull over all reasonably safe updates in master as I 
see some there that fixes positioning of attachments, etc, which 
could all be useful to have in the release as soon as possible?


</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="009354.html">[Opensim-dev] Global identifiers
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="009321.html">[Opensim-dev] Global identifiers
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#9319">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#9319">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#9319">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#9319">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
