<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator (Justin	Clark-Casey)
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2011-July/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20The%20Overte%20Foundation%20for%20OpenSimulator%20%28Justin%0A%09Clark-Casey%29&In-Reply-To=%3CCADyQTWqzA8cNU9dKLKx3hQ3mN3oZ-Scuy4pRjtAZsCoJmPfu2w%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="010338.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="010332.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator (Justin	Clark-Casey)</H1>
    <B>dz</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20The%20Overte%20Foundation%20for%20OpenSimulator%20%28Justin%0A%09Clark-Casey%29&In-Reply-To=%3CCADyQTWqzA8cNU9dKLKx3hQ3mN3oZ-Scuy4pRjtAZsCoJmPfu2w%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator (Justin	Clark-Casey)">dz at bitzend.net
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun Jul  3 09:05:15 CEST 2011</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010338.html">[Opensim-dev] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator (Justin	Clark-Casey)
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="010332.html">[Opensim-dev] Any Avatar experts around??
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10339">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10339">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10339">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10339">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I have to disagree...

Contributions made to date may be BSD licensed,  but the language of the
CLA, as well as the foundations policy on the use of copyright material, are
not restricted to BSD style licensing.  While I have pushed for the creation
of a foundation, and believe that this announcement is a positive step, I
also am very curious to hear why people think a CLA IS required and what
form it will take..

Recent history shows that transfers of projects to control of foundations do
not always satisfy the user base of the project...
Open Office transfer to Apache Foundation article @
groklaw&lt;<A HREF="http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=2011060314010442">http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=2011060314010442</A>&gt;

It also shows us that the structure of the CLA can have a HUGE impact on the
amount and types of control the foundation can exert...
Groklaw examines the impact of CLA
types&lt;<A HREF="http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20110524120303815">http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20110524120303815</A>&gt;

In fact... many of the &quot;free software&quot; advocates have renounced the recent
developments in CLA language as a blatant attempt to to disguise efforts to
make projects more &quot;palatable&quot; to VC types who might refuse to invest in
projects BECAUSE they involved large numbers of contributors who maintain
copyright on their contributions.

I'm happy to stand up and support the folks who have volunteered to
participate, but I wont be doing any celebrating until I see published
foundation policy designed to protect the &quot;free&quot; nature of the
OpenSimulator project, and properly protect the rights of all those who
contribute.

If the argument for CLA's can be made, then lets make sure we adopt one that
attracts developers and not one that just makes it possible for &quot;the
foundation&quot; to capitalize.

D


On Sat, Jul 2, 2011 at 3:13 PM, Latif Khalifa &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">lkalif at openmv.org</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> Opem Sim is a BSD licensed project. BSD is a permissive license that
</I>&gt;<i> doesn't stop anyone from making closed sourced version. So in that respect
</I>&gt;<i> nothing changes no matter if the copyright is assigned to a foundation or
</I>&gt;<i> not.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Sat, Jul 2, 2011 at 8:22 AM, Snowcrash Short &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">snowcrash.short at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Since IANAL, I have a couple of questions.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Usually when I encounter these kinds of licenses, they also imply that the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> foundation obtains a right to re-license the copyrighIted material, since
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the foundation has a separate copyright and thus may produce a copy under a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> separate license. Will this also be the case for Overte?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> What about the submissions made prior to license policy, will Overte
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> retroactively try to get the contributors to sign such a license?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> My goal here is to ensure that OpenSim will remain free.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> /Snowcrash
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Fri, Jul 1, 2011 at 12:32 AM, Andrew Hughes &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">andrew.hughes at designingdigitally.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Guys,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We would like to donate funds also to the Opensim Dev project. Please let
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> me know when this is possible. Thanks!
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>    Have a creative day,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Andrew Hughes
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> President
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - A Second Life &#174; Gold Solution Provider
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - A proud member of the Better Business Bureau
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Member of the eLearning Guild
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - General Services Administration (GSA) IT Schedule 70 Contract Holder
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - General Services Administration (GSA) MOBIS Contract Holder
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Address: 8401 Claude Thomas Rd. | Suite 23 | Franklin, OH 45005&lt;<A HREF="http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&amp;source=s_q&amp;hl=en&amp;geocode=&amp;q=Designing+Digitally+8401+Claude+Thomas+Rd.+Franklin,+OH+45005&amp;sll=39.596152,-84.21679&amp;sspn=0.143386,0.259895&amp;g=8401+Claude+Thomas+Rd.+Franklin,+OH+45005&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=39.567728,-84.269471&amp;spn=0.008552,0.016243&amp;t=h&amp;z=16&amp;iwloc=A&amp;iwd=1&amp;cid=3634860409431715648&amp;dtab=0">http://maps.google.com/maps?f=q&amp;source=s_q&amp;hl=en&amp;geocode=&amp;q=Designing+Digitally+8401+Claude+Thomas+Rd.+Franklin,+OH+45005&amp;sll=39.596152,-84.21679&amp;sspn=0.143386,0.259895&amp;g=8401+Claude+Thomas+Rd.+Franklin,+OH+45005&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;ll=39.567728,-84.269471&amp;spn=0.008552,0.016243&amp;t=h&amp;z=16&amp;iwloc=A&amp;iwd=1&amp;cid=3634860409431715648&amp;dtab=0</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Phone: 866-316-9126
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Fax: 866-701-0029
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Email: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">andrew.hughes at designingdigitally.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> DDINC Website: <A HREF="http://www.designingdigitally.com">http://www.designingdigitally.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *3D Virtual Campus Tours:* <A HREF="http://www.3dvirtualcampustours.com">http://www.3dvirtualcampustours.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *3D Serious Games &amp; Simulations:*
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://www.3dseriousgamesandsimulations.com">http://www.3dseriousgamesandsimulations.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Blog: <A HREF="http://www.designingdigitally.com/blog/">http://www.designingdigitally.com/blog/</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Second Life Island: <A HREF="http://tinyurl.com/2643z5y">http://tinyurl.com/2643z5y</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  ============================================================
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE: This email and any files transmitted with it are
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> which they are addressed. If you are not the intended recipient, you may not
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> review, copy or distribute this message. If you have received this email in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> error, please notify the sender immediately and delete the original message.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Neither the sender nor the company for which he or she works accepts any
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> liability for any damage caused by any virus transmitted
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Connect with us: [image: Facebook]&lt;<A HREF="http://www.facebook.com/designing.digitally.inc">http://www.facebook.com/designing.digitally.inc</A>&gt; [image:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> LinkedIn] &lt;<A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/companies/designing-digitally-inc.">http://www.linkedin.com/companies/designing-digitally-inc.</A>&gt; [image:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Flickr] &lt;<A HREF="http://www.flickr.com/photos/designingdigitally/">http://www.flickr.com/photos/designingdigitally/</A>&gt; [image:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Twitter] &lt;<A HREF="http://www.twitter.com/ddinc">http://www.twitter.com/ddinc</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> What's new with Designing Digitally, Inc.: Getting Employees Up To Speed
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On New Software&lt;<A HREF="http://feedproxy.google.com/%7Er/designingdigitallyblog/%7E3/XrWJtcLubz4/getting-employees-up-to-speed-on-new-software">http://feedproxy.google.com/%7Er/designingdigitallyblog/%7E3/XrWJtcLubz4/getting-employees-up-to-speed-on-new-software</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Thu, Jun 30, 2011 at 6:26 PM, Justin Clark-Casey &lt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks very much for the offer, Justin.  If it's okay, I'll let you know
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> when we have a donation channel established. This might take a little while
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> since we're in the holiday season at the moment and various people are away.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -- Justin
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On 30/06/11 16:25, Justin Lyon wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Justin,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Simudyne would be willing to donate some funds to help set-up the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Overte Foundation. What would you need?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Justin
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On 30 Jun 2011, at 13:00, <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-request at lists.</A>**berlios.de&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-request at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  Send Opensim-dev mailing list submissions to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>        <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> To subscribe or unsubscribe via the World Wide Web, visit
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>        <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> or, via email, send a message with subject or body 'help' to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>        <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-request at lists.</A>**berlios.de&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-request at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> You can reach the person managing the list at
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>        <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-owner at lists.</A>**berlios.de&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-owner at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> When replying, please edit your Subject line so it is more specific
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> than &quot;Re: Contents of Opensim-dev digest...&quot;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Today's Topics:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>   1. Re: Built libbullet shared object libraries for Linux but
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      this isn't what you wanted! (Justin Clark-Casey)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>   2. The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator (Justin Clark-Casey)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------**------------------------------**
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ----------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Message: 1
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Date: Thu, 30 Jun 2011 00:51:27 +0100
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> From: Justin Clark-Casey&lt;jjustincc@**googlemail.com&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Built libbullet shared object libraries for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>        Linux but this isn't what you wanted!
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Message-ID:&lt;4E0BBA7F.7070206@**googlemail.com&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">4E0BBA7F.7070206 at googlemail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Content-Type: text/plain; charset=windows-1252; format=flowed
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On 27/06/11 16:52, Adams, Robert wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Building Bullet itself is a start. Thanks Justin.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The makefile should be fairly straight forward as there are just the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> two cpp files and one .h file with the only dependencies being on the std
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> library and Bullet itself. As you now know, Bullet used CMAKE for its
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> build/configuration tool and I don't know if there is a way to link a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim build into it (put the Bullet directory under BulletSim and do a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> CMAKE which builds both together).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I'm setting up a Linux build environment so I should be able to help
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> anyone working on this by next weekend. I'm doing some stress testing this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> week and then I will look into linksets again -- I want to get vehicles
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> working.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I put in a scratch Makefile and fixed one definition issue in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp.  However, on make this still brings up the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> errors
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp:38:14: error: ?gDeactivationTime? was declared ?extern?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and later ?static?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletDynamics/Dynamics/**btRigidBody.h:29:17: error: previous
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> declaration of ?gDeactivationTime?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp: In member function ?int BulletSim::PhysicsStep(**btScalar,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> int, btScalar, int*, EntityProperties***, int*,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> unsigned int**)?:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp:107:79: error: cast from ?void*? to ?unsigned int? loses
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> precision
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp:108:79: error: cast from ?void*? to ?unsigned int? loses
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> precision
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp: In member function ?btCollisionShape*
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim::CreateShape(**ShapeData*)?:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp:405:61: error: no matching function for call to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ?BulletSim::**AdjustScaleForCollisionMargin(**btCollisionShape*&amp;,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> btVector3)?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.h:469:7: note: candidate is: void BulletSim::**
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> AdjustScaleForCollisionMargin(**btCollisionShape*, btVector3&amp;)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp:426:62: error: no matching function for call to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ?BulletSim::**AdjustScaleForCollisionMargin(**btCollisionShape*&amp;,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> btVector3)?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.h:469:7: note: candidate is: void BulletSim::**
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> AdjustScaleForCollisionMargin(**btCollisionShape*, btVector3&amp;)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp:432:61: error: no matching function for call to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ?BulletSim::**AdjustScaleForCollisionMargin(**btCollisionShape*&amp;,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> btVector3)?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.h:469:7: note: candidate is: void BulletSim::**
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> AdjustScaleForCollisionMargin(**btCollisionShape*, btVector3&amp;)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp: In member function ?SweepHit
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim::ConvexSweepTest(**unsigned int, btVector3&amp;, btVector3&amp;,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> btScalar)?:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp:1166:95: error: cast from ?void*? to ?unsigned int?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> loses precision
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp: In member function ?RaycastHit
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim::RayTest(unsigned int, btVector3&amp;, btVector3&amp;)?:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.cpp:1209:70: error: cast from ?void*? to ?unsigned int?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> loses precision
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> make: *** [BulletSim.o] Error 1
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> It's a long time since I did any significant c/cpp (and then it wasn't
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> on Linux) so I'm not sure why this is happening.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  Maybe it's gcc specific.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I was able to pull opensim-libs anonymously last week (
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/svn/**opensim-libs&lt;http://opensimulator.org/svn/opensim-libs">http://opensimulator.org/svn/**opensim-libs&lt;http://opensimulator.org/svn/opensim-libs</A>&gt;).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Has it broken since then?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks Robert - I was trying the wrong url.  I put the information
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> into the wiki.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -- ra
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.</A>**berlios.de&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;[mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> opensim-dev-bounces@**lists.berlios.de&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;]
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Behalf Of Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Sent: Sunday, June 26, 2011 4:48 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: [Opensim-dev] Built libbullet shared object libraries for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Linux but this isn't what you wanted!
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi Robert.  I briefly putzed around with building shared object
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Bullet 2.78 under Linux tonight and popped the results
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> in as commit 23bf773 on the bulletsim branch.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> However, I just realised that you weren't asking for the bullet
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> libraries to be built.  What you were really asking for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> in <A HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/**pipermail/opensim-dev/2011-**">http://lists.berlios.de/**pipermail/opensim-dev/2011-**</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> June/010271.html&lt;<A HREF="../2011-June/010271.html">http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2011-June/010271.html</A>&gt;were Linux/OSX makefiles to build your
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> BulletSim.dll interfacing library in the opensim-libs svn repo (for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> which anonymous access is unfortunately not
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> currently working - this need to be fixed).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> That doesn't look too difficult but it's a little more involved for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> me since it's a long time since I wrote a Makefile.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>   I don't know when I might get a slice of time to do that, so I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> think help from anybody else would still be very much
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> appreciated.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.org/blog">http://justincc.org/blog</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Message: 2
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Date: Thu, 30 Jun 2011 02:21:51 +0100
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> From: Justin Clark-Casey&lt;jjustincc@**googlemail.com&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-users at lists.berlios.de</A>**, <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: [Opensim-dev] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Message-ID:&lt;4E0BCFAF.5030908@**googlemail.com&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">4E0BCFAF.5030908 at googlemail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Dear all,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> As I'm sure everybody on these lists is aware, OpenSimulator currently
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> has some restrictions on who can contribute code
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to the project (<A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/**wiki/Contributions_Policy&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Contributions_Policy">http://opensimulator.org/**wiki/Contributions_Policy&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Contributions_Policy</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The most controversial of these is the one that prevents contributions
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> from people who have studied the Linden Lab
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> viewer within the past 6 months.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> This policy came about because the early core developers wanted to be
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> very cautious when dealing with a project that was
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> intimately intertwined with OpenSimulator through a common virtual
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> world protocol and concept, but which was licensed
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> under the copyleft GPL license rather than OpenSimulator's BSD
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> license.  It was also inspired by bad, though unrelated,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> early experiences of unwanted inclusion of GPL code within
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSimulator.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> However, this rule increasingly restricts progress and innovation.  To
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> state the obvious, it effectively stops Linden
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Lab viewer and third party viewer developers from contributing to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSimulator and it stops OpenSimulator developers
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> from contributing code to those viewers.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We do want to do something about this.  In very broad terms, there are
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> two choices of action.  Either we simply drop the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 6 month restriction or we establish a Contributor's License Agreement
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> (CLA) to explicitly clarify that a developer has
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the necessary rights to contribute the code that they're giving.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Simply dropping the restriction is tempting.  However, the conditions
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> under which it was established have not changed -
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the core of the Linden Lab viewer and derivatives is still under the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> copyleft LGPL license.  Some people think that in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> general such restrictions are entirely unnecessary but others think
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> that it's a reasonable precaution in the absence of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> a CLA.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> So the other alternative is to have that CLA.  This is the route that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> we've started going down.  The proposal is to have
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> a CLA by which a contributor explicitly grants a copyright license
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> over their contributions.  Each contributor will
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> continue to own their own code (i.e. there is no transfer of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> copyright).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Again, there is considerable debate over CLAs, with some people seeing
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> them as essential and others thinking that they
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> are entirely unnecessary.  However, many open-source projects have
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> CLAs (Apache, Django, Python, the Linden Lab viewer)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> so we would not be in bad company.  Having to submit a CLA might also
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> reduce casual 'drive-by' patches, though we would
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> make CLA submitting as easy as possible - by accepting them
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> electronically, for instance.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> In order to grant a copyright license there needs to be a receiving
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> entity.  To this end, we are in the process of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> setting up an organisation known as the Overte Foundation.  The Overte
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Foundation will receive the copyright licenses
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and become the official distributor of OpenSimulator rather than
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> individual core developers.  This will put it in a good
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> position to deal with code origin or other issues, if any should ever
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> arise.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Once the CLA is complete, the current contribution restrictions to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSimulator will be removed.  It will be down to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> each developer (including core developers) to affirm via the CLA that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> they have the necessary rights over the code that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> they are contributing.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> One advantage of going down the foundation route is that it will also
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> be able to promote and support OpenSimulator in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> other ways, quite possibly incorporating members of the community
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> other than just developers.  The foundation could also
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> extend to cover other open-source virtual-environment/virtual-**world
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> projects and components.  In the short term, though,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> we will be concentrating on establishing the CLA.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> At some point soon we would be very grateful for donations to the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Overte Foundation in order to deal with some of the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> costs involved in setting things up and for ongoing support and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> promotion of OpenSimulator.  Setup costs should not be
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> too high since Ben Esplin of Pillsbury Law is very kindly donating
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> time and expertise (he also helped OSgrid establish
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> their organisation).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> We're actually still in the process of setting up the foundation so
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> we'll only be requesting donations once we have a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> bank account for them.  However, we wanted to get this out in the open
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> now so that people know what is being proposed
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and so that we can get feedback.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> For a much shorter public statement and FAQ about these topics shorn
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> of the historical context, please see
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/**Foundation&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Foundation">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/**Foundation&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Foundation</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/**Foundation_FAQ&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Foundation_FAQ">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/**Foundation_FAQ&lt;http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Foundation_FAQ</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I will be acting as the first Overte Foundation president, with Diva
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> as treasurer, Melanie as secretary and Nebadon and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Ben as initial board members.  The foundation itself will not directly
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> control OpenSimulator development - this will
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> remain with the OpenSimulator team and community as it does now.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Discussion about this is very welcome, whether supporting or critical.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  I'm logging off now so will likely answer any
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> points tomorrow.  Of course, other core developers are very welcome to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> chip in.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.org/blog">http://justincc.org/blog</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ______________________________**_________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> End of Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 46, Issue 19
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *********************************************
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ______________________________**_________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.org/blog">http://justincc.org/blog</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ______________________________**_________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/**mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev&lt;https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20110703/5b6452a1/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20110703/5b6452a1/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010338.html">[Opensim-dev] The Overte Foundation for OpenSimulator (Justin	Clark-Casey)
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="010332.html">[Opensim-dev] Any Avatar experts around??
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10339">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10339">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10339">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10339">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
