<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Any objections to starting the OpenSim	0.6.8	release process?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-November/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Any%20objections%20to%20starting%20the%0A%20OpenSim%090.6.8%09release%20process%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4B0D91B3.2020502%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="007988.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="007990.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Any objections to starting the OpenSim	0.6.8	release process?</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Any%20objections%20to%20starting%20the%0A%20OpenSim%090.6.8%09release%20process%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4B0D91B3.2020502%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Any objections to starting the OpenSim	0.6.8	release process?">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed Nov 25 21:21:07 CET 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="007988.html">[Opensim-dev] Any objections to starting the OpenSim	0.6.8	release process?
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="007990.html">[Opensim-dev] Any objections to starting the OpenSim 0.6.8 release process?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#7995">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#7995">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#7995">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#7995">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Sounds like a plan - let's go ahead with starting the 0.6.8 process and do a 0.7 
once we've completed the transition to ROBUST.  To me, a 0.7 sounds like 
something that would happen early next year - I'm not sure one would want to do 
another release before the holidays.

God willing, I'm going to pick out a revision to branch from some time tomorrow 
(Thursday) and do the necessary paperwork (change version numbers, add suitable 
fields to Mantis, update the wiki, etc.) to start the ball rolling.

Ai, thanks very much for the offer of test assistance, I will be taking you up 
on it.  Any other help that folks can render will also be very much appreciated. 
  The aim will be to spot complete showstoppers, fixing other bugs will probably 
have to wait.

Also, I'm still not sure why you have the messaging server to user service 
connection problem in

<A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4351">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4351</A>

It's one of those problems that is hard to reproduce.  Maybe they'll be some 
time to do analysis work in the next few weeks since it is a showstopper bug for 
you.  Even more so if anybody else is suffering from the same problem.


<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> wrote:
&gt;<i> user services, which are being untangled into several: presence, login, 
</I>&gt;<i> im, ...
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> What is missing right now?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> [mailto:opensim-dev-
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Teravus Ovares
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Sent: Tuesday, 24 November 2009 2:42 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Any objections to starting the OpenSim 0.6.8
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> release process?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I'm definitely OK with 0.6.8 RC1 being tagged now.   The only thing
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> that I'm hesitant about with 0.7 is..  Meldiva wanted to have all
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> services on ROBUST before 0.7 was released.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Regards
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Teravus
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Tue, Nov 24, 2009 at 5:24 PM, Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I would like to start the ball rolling about tagging 0.7 soon. It's
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> been
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> well over a year since 0.6 was tagged, and a huge number of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> improvements. If
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> we're averse to hitting 1.0, let's go to 0.25 if we have to, but I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> think
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> with all the services now running under ROBUST and the wealth of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> features in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> trunk right now, 0.7 is the way to go.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of orion hax
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Sent: Tuesday, 24 November 2009 2:20 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Any objections to starting the OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 0.6.8
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> release process?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> been very well for all my sims +1.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Tue, Nov 24, 2009 at 4:06 PM, Michael Cerquoni
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I think its a good idea, i have gotten wide spread reports of better
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> stability and uptimes. +1
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Tue, Nov 24, 2009 at 1:37 PM, Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi folks,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> It seems that we've reached a good level of stability after the most
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> recent
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> set
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> of changes and fixes.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Therefore, I'd like to start the ball rolling on releasing OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 0.6.8.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  As
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> happened with 0.6.7, I think that we should branch from git master
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> sometime
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the next few days and spend a week or so testing the release
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> candidate for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> super-critical show-stopping failures before making it official.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I think that 0.6.8 will be considerably better than 0.6.7 due to the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> many
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> recent
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> stability fixes.  Therefore, I'm keen to see the production of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> installers/binaries this time so any help in this area would be great
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> when
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> time comes.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The major configuration change for 0.6.8 is the addition of the grid
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> service
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the ROBUST framework (making the user service the only remaining
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> hardcoded
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> standalone grid service executable).  I intend to update the existing
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> configuration documentation to reflect this and hopefully improve it
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> a bit,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> even
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> if such documentation may be rewritten soon.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I documented this lightweight release process at
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Release_Cycle">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/Release_Cycle</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Any thoughts about making a release at this time?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>

-- 
Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
<A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="007988.html">[Opensim-dev] Any objections to starting the OpenSim	0.6.8	release process?
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="007990.html">[Opensim-dev] Any objections to starting the OpenSim 0.6.8 release process?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#7995">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#7995">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#7995">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#7995">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
