<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-December/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20future%20rexviewer%20merger&In-Reply-To=%3Cc7a1b5240812051041m68afa409web0eac8dc3302269%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="003805.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="003811.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger</H1>
    <B>Ryan McDougall</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20future%20rexviewer%20merger&In-Reply-To=%3Cc7a1b5240812051041m68afa409web0eac8dc3302269%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger">sempuki1 at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Dec  5 19:41:11 CET 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003805.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="003811.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3806">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3806">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3806">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3806">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Thank you for your addition to the discussion James, however I think
Paul may have misunderstood reX architecture when made a private
discussion public without consent.

The reX avatar and authentication servers replace the User server and
split it into Avatar storage for reX's own avatar system, and pure
authentication of identity (the latter a bit like OpenID). The idea is
to enable avatar portability: the ability to take the same
meticulously created reX avatar from one grid to another.

Afaik there is no analogue for stock OpenSim, and thus its difficult
to merge until the reX team is better integrated with OpenSim.

Moreover I see room for improvement there, and have some ideas to
change it further. It would be better for all parties if we did our
prototyping first, and then worry about arguing who has the better
concept or code later and the discussion is on objective ground.

Cheers,

On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 8:05 PM, James Stallings II
&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">james.stallings at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
&gt;<i> LOL an ESPECIALLY good idea given they are the originators of the project
</I>&gt;<i> and maintainers of the core offering :D
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Cheers
</I>&gt;<i> James
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 11:52 AM, Jani Pirkola &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jpirkola at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Paul,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Good idea to involve Opensim-dev, since they might have better ideas. I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> suppose Adam Frisby has already thought how or if to integrate avatar
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> storage to Opensim.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> One reason for avatar appearance (or agent domain) handling being at the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> same place with the opensim is because in SL this was so. When we move
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> towards free 3D Internet (free as libre), then we need to be able to take
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> our avatar with us from grid to grid. This means that a grid must accept
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> foreign agent domains - and eventually someone would like to run just the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> avatar service.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Jani
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">metaphorz at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I am resending this since i think I sent a message from the wrong
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> email account...
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ..........
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Jani
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  I confess to not knowing the details of the rex viewer source, so please
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> take
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> my comments in that light. However, to me, it would seem more logical to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> evolve the already existing UGAIM+R services of OpenSim rather than
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> inventing a separate way of handling region and user services. I feel
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> we may need more discussion with the opensim developers (which is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> why I am cc'ing them).  If I am missing something in the logic of your
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> revised
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Rex viewer implementation strategy, please let me know, and thank your
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> team again for its excellent viewer capabilities.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> In summary, if there is something about the way that opensim handles
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> avatars or authentication, then suggest fixes to this via opensim-dev.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Yes?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> If the DB schema(s) need to change, then suggest changes or add new
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> tables.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -paul
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Jani Pirkola wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Exactly, that is what we will do. However some of the services need to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; be able to run separately from the region or opensim server. The best
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; example of this is the avatar storage and user authentication, which we feel
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; needs to be its own entity.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Jani
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; 2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     Presumably, the &quot;services&quot; aspect can be worked out as a region
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; module
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     for opensim? Either that, or the rex team would work with the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; opensim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     team on the opensim trunk to extend its service capabilities to be
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     more
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     consistent with rexviewer. That way, developers or users are free
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     to update or
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     re-build opensim whenever it suits them, and rexviewer would still
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     function.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     -p
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     Antti Ilom&#228;ki wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;         Actually that's not exactly the case, viewer modifications are
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;         important to us, but the avatar portability service (and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;         participating
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;         in world server development as well) is another central feature
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; we
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;         have. Our system currently allows full avatar portability
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; between
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;         different worlds and even the inventory works, at least to an
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;         extent.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;         2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;         &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;&gt;:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;             I could be wrong, but i thought the point was to make Rex
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;             purely
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;             a visual client (viewer) and to let OpenSim handle the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;             services?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;             -paul
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     --     Dr. Paul A. Fishwick           E-Mail: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     Dept. of Computer &amp; Info       Phone &amp; FAX: (352) 392-1414
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     Science and Engineering       WWW:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     <A HREF="http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~fishwick">http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~fishwick</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     &lt;<A HREF="http://www.cise.ufl.edu/%7Efishwick">http://www.cise.ufl.edu/%7Efishwick</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     University of Florida          (PGP Key available at above WWW
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     address)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     P. O. Box 116120
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;     332 Bldg. CSE, Gainesville, FL 32611-6120
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> ===================================
</I>&gt;<i> The wind
</I>&gt;<i> scours the earth for prayers
</I>&gt;<i> The night obscures them
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://del.icio.us/SPQR">http://del.icio.us/SPQR</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/jstallings2">http://twitter.com/jstallings2</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49">http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003805.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="003811.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3806">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3806">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3806">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3806">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
