<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-December/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20future%20rexviewer%20merger&In-Reply-To=%3C493A6BE6.2040201%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="003826.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="003835.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20future%20rexviewer%20merger&In-Reply-To=%3C493A6BE6.2040201%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sat Dec  6 13:11:18 CET 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003826.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="003835.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3834">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3834">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3834">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3834">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Frisby, Adam wrote:
&gt;<i> I actually agree with a lot of what you&#8217;re saying &#8211; but I also think one 
</I>&gt;<i> of the benefits of OpenSim&#8217;s design is that if Rex can achieve 
</I>&gt;<i> everything in a region module, that limits the requirements for core 
</I>&gt;<i> discussion as far as direction goes (it acts effectively as its own 
</I>&gt;<i> sub-project, communicating back changes that need to be done to improve 
</I>&gt;<i> opensim as a whole).
</I>
A definite +1 on this.  Personally, I hope that core OpenSim will eventually become like Apache is now - a stable base 
which people build great things on top of without having to go back and make that code part of the webserver project.

However, I would say that we're currently a considerable way from anything like this happening.

&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Now that&#8217;s not to say I wouldn&#8217;t welcome some greater participation on 
</I>&gt;<i> this and other lists &#8211; the scale and ambition of the project is 
</I>&gt;<i> worthwhile bringing to a community. I think this last year has 
</I>&gt;<i> definitely been a bumpy one with regards to Rex &#8216;cooperativity&#8217;, but 
</I>&gt;<i> they have expressed some serious interest lately in rejoining the 
</I>&gt;<i> community, and I think it would be really foolish to pass that 
</I>&gt;<i> opportunity up over old wounds.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> That all being said &#8211; I think ultimately code talks with this crowd, 
</I>&gt;<i> let&#8217;s wait and see &#8211; there&#8217;s certainly no harm occurring right now, and 
</I>&gt;<i> there&#8217;s some potential for benefit. If there&#8217;s specific issues, then 
</I>&gt;<i> raise them &#8211; I don&#8217;t think anyone in this crowd is childish and afraid 
</I>&gt;<i> of criticism.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Regards,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Adam
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] *On Behalf Of *James 
</I>&gt;<i> Stallings II
</I>&gt;<i> *Sent:* Friday, 5 December 2008 7:55 PM
</I>&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Charles, All.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> One thing I have long admired in Charles Ckrinke is an abiding sense of 
</I>&gt;<i> loyalty. But you cant make promises on behalf of us all, any more than I 
</I>&gt;<i> or Melanie can speak on behalf of us all.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I am very much interested in the Rexx work, but the fact is, where Mel 
</I>&gt;<i> may be particularly wrong with respect to certain technical assumptions, 
</I>&gt;<i> she is spot-on as regards the cross-platform issues and the closed-doors 
</I>&gt;<i> work.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> We are an open community. We established this community, and they come 
</I>&gt;<i> to us, not the other way 'round. If they wish work with the community, 
</I>&gt;<i> it means open discussion of design and implementation, and incremental 
</I>&gt;<i> patches. It also means a demonstrable commitment to cross-platform 
</I>&gt;<i> developement. This is nothing more or less than we demand from every 
</I>&gt;<i> other party who contributes code to opensim. What I dont understand is 
</I>&gt;<i> why Rexx is any different in this respect.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Until such time as they are ready to meet us in the middle, and engage 
</I>&gt;<i> the requirements of the community as a whole on *its terms* (not just 
</I>&gt;<i> those of Charles Crinke or Adam Frisby) I have to pretty well say thumbs 
</I>&gt;<i> down. And this really isnt a choice I make willingly - it's the choice I 
</I>&gt;<i> have to make by default.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> My apologies for any perceptions of negativity on my part - I simply 
</I>&gt;<i> respect the rules we have established as a team, and I expect nothing 
</I>&gt;<i> less from any other participant, whether they washed up on our shores 
</I>&gt;<i> yesterday, or are founding members of the project.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Just my .02$L, for what it's worth.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Cheers
</I>&gt;<i> James
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 9:25 PM, Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Fromn what I gather, Rex is intent on pushing both the login service
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; and the viewer onto OpenSim. Including going to the point of
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; breaking SL viewer compatibility. I am totally opposed to this. I
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; would never endorse a single LL-Code based viewer as _the_ viewer,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; to the exclusion of any other, unless it's fully BSD licensed, e.g.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; developed from scratch.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> This actually isn't true.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> The login service is wholly self-contained in the modular rex DLL, 
</I>&gt;<i> there's no dependency on modifying OpenSim at all. (Yes, this required a 
</I>&gt;<i> lot of hackery initially to work, but it does.), so there's no real 
</I>&gt;<i> reason to push it back to OpenSim since there's no core changes.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Regards,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Adam
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt; [mailto:opensim-dev- 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:opensim-dev-&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;] On Behalf 
</I>&gt;<i> Of Melanie
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Sent: Friday, 5 December 2008 5:47 PM
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Hi,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; I am not opposed to Rex technology. I'm not opposed to have it in
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; OpenSim.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; I'm also not opposed to the people who I know (like you).
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; What I am opposed to is the strategy of doing Windows-only
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; development behind closed doors, without community (OpenSim dev)
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; feedback, then presenting huge patches that are so brittle that they
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; need to be applied without scrutiny or go stale.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; I would welcome Rex involvement if the Rex developers would join us
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; in -dev, discuss things, and submit small patches that we can
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; analyze and become familiar with, and modify so they don't conflict
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; with the directions where OpenSim core wants to go.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Fromn what I gather, Rex is intent on pushing both the login service
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; and the viewer onto OpenSim. Including going to the point of
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; breaking SL viewer compatibility. I am totally opposed to this. I
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; would never endorse a single LL-Code based viewer as _the_ viewer,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; to the exclusion of any other, unless it's fully BSD licensed, e.g.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; developed from scratch.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Also, I see anumber of abuse scenarios possible with the
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; login/avatar service (commercial abuse), which is why I personally
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; favor a different model. Specifically, to keep the avatar appearance
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; data on the client and not on any server at all.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; That is what I can write out right now, there is a diffuse feeling
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; of opposition in me, that I have yet to fathom.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; If you take it in small steps, I will be with you. Megapatches would
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; be an issue for me.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Melanie
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Ryan McDougall wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 10:35 PM, Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; In my opinion, nothing. Nothing, that is, that we could not get
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; without ReX involvement, and better.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; I would like to see OpenSim do an OpenSim solution to the mesh and
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; asset/inventory system. I don't feel comfortable with the ReX
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; solution, and even less comfortable with the parts of it they may
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; hold close to the chest and spring on us later. I expect some
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; unpalatable bits there. I would rather see us grow to that level in
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; a true collaborative Open Source, Free environment, without being
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; under the control of a single corporation.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; Which corporation is that? Do you know anything about legal or
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; funding
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; structure of reX? Do you know any of us personally?
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; Its a lot to presume with little in the way of fact.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; How about instead of playing games you just ask me and I'll tell you.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; If I had the faintest idea what your concern is I'd pre-emptively
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; tell
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; you...
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; Melanie
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; Diva Canto wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; As Rex's extensions move closer to opensim (I'm in the group of
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; people
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; who can't wait to see meshes and better graphics!), it will be good
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; to
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; know more of the details of Rex. I'm not sure I understand
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; completely
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; the use of &quot;avatar&quot; here, as we know that opensim uses it to denote
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; a
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; pixelated carcass, that's neither a user nor an agent. And in Rex
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; the
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; &quot;avatar system&quot; seems like it's more of a user storage/asset
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; system.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; Part of the user's storage/assets includes the pixelated carcass
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; for
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; opensim-based worlds that care about that; but it includes all
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; other
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; assets owned by the user.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; It would be interesting to compare existing efforts in opensim such
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; as
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; the Hypergrid and the distributed asset server with Rex's avatar
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; system.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; Is it possible that
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; Hypergrid+DAS &gt;= Rex's Avatar System ?
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; What else does the avatar system bring to the table?
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; Crista
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; Ryan McDougall wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Thank you for your addition to the discussion James, however I
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; think
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Paul may have misunderstood reX architecture when made a private
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; discussion public without consent.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; The reX avatar and authentication servers replace the User server
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; and
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; split it into Avatar storage for reX's own avatar system, and pure
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; authentication of identity (the latter a bit like OpenID). The
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; idea is
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; to enable avatar portability: the ability to take the same
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; meticulously created reX avatar from one grid to another.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Afaik there is no analogue for stock OpenSim, and thus its
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; difficult
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; to merge until the reX team is better integrated with OpenSim.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Moreover I see room for improvement there, and have some ideas to
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; change it further. It would be better for all parties if we did
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; our
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; prototyping first, and then worry about arguing who has the better
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; concept or code later and the discussion is on objective ground.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 8:05 PM, James Stallings II
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">james.stallings at gmail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">james.stallings at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; LOL an ESPECIALLY good idea given they are the originators of the
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; project
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; and maintainers of the core offering :D
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Cheers
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; James
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 11:52 AM, Jani Pirkola
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jpirkola at gmail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jpirkola at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Paul,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Good idea to involve Opensim-dev, since they might have better
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; ideas. I
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; suppose Adam Frisby has already thought how or if to integrate
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; avatar
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; storage to Opensim.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; One reason for avatar appearance (or agent domain) handling
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; being at the
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; same place with the opensim is because in SL this was so. When
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; we move
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; towards free 3D Internet (free as libre), then we need to be
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; able to take
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; our avatar with us from grid to grid. This means that a grid
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; must accept
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; foreign agent domains - and eventually someone would like to run
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; just the
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; avatar service.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jani
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">metaphorz at gmail.com</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">metaphorz at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I am resending this since i think I sent a message from the
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; wrong
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; email account...
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ..........
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jani
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  I confess to not knowing the details of the rex viewer source,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; so please
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; take
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; my comments in that light. However, to me, it would seem more
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; logical to
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; evolve the already existing UGAIM+R services of OpenSim rather
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; than
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; inventing a separate way of handling region and user services.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; I feel
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; that
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; we may need more discussion with the opensim developers (which
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; is
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; why I am cc'ing them).  If I am missing something in the logic
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; of your
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; revised
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Rex viewer implementation strategy, please let me know, and
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; thank your
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; team again for its excellent viewer capabilities.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; In summary, if there is something about the way that opensim
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; handles
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; avatars or authentication, then suggest fixes to this via
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; opensim-dev.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Yes?
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; If the DB schema(s) need to change, then suggest changes or add
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; new
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; tables.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; -paul
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jani Pirkola wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Exactly, that is what we will do. However some of the services
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; need to
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; be able to run separately from the region or opensim server.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; The best
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; example of this is the avatar storage and user authentication,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; which we feel
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; needs to be its own entity.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jani
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     Presumably, the &quot;services&quot; aspect can be worked out as a
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; region
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; module
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     for opensim? Either that, or the rex team would work with
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; the
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; opensim
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     team on the opensim trunk to extend its service
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; capabilities to be
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     more
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     consistent with rexviewer. That way, developers or users
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; are free
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     to update or
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     re-build opensim whenever it suits them, and rexviewer
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; would still
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     function.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     -p
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     Antti Ilom&#228;ki wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         Actually that's not exactly the case, viewer
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; modifications are
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         important to us, but the avatar portability service
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; (and
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         participating
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         in world server development as well) is another
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; central feature
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; we
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         have. Our system currently allows full avatar
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; portability
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; between
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         different worlds and even the inventory works, at
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; least to an
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         extent.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;&gt;&gt;:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;             I could be wrong, but i thought the point was to
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; make Rex
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;             purely
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;             a visual client (viewer) and to let OpenSim handle
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; the
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;             services?
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;             -paul
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     --     Dr. Paul A. Fishwick           E-Mail:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     Dept. of Computer &amp; Info       Phone &amp; FAX: (352) 392-1414
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     Science and Engineering       WWW:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     <A HREF="http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~fishwick">http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~fishwick</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="http://www.cise.ufl.edu/%7Efishwick">http://www.cise.ufl.edu/%7Efishwick</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     &lt;<A HREF="http://www.cise.ufl.edu/%7Efishwick">http://www.cise.ufl.edu/%7Efishwick</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     University of Florida          (PGP Key available at above
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; WWW
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     address)
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     P. O. Box 116120
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     332 Bldg. CSE, Gainesville, FL 32611-6120
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; --
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ===================================
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; The wind
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; scours the earth for prayers
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; The night obscures them
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://del.icio.us/SPQR">http://del.icio.us/SPQR</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://twitter.com/jstallings2">http://twitter.com/jstallings2</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49">http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; -------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; -----
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> -- 
</I>&gt;<i> ===================================
</I>&gt;<i> The wind
</I>&gt;<i> scours the earth for prayers
</I>&gt;<i> The night obscures them
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://del.icio.us/SPQR">http://del.icio.us/SPQR</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/jstallings2">http://twitter.com/jstallings2</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49">http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>

-- 
justincc
Justin Clark-Casey
<A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003826.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="003835.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3834">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3834">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3834">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3834">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
