<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-December/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20future%20rexviewer%20merger&In-Reply-To=%3C493A671C.6060404%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="003874.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="003839.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20future%20rexviewer%20merger&In-Reply-To=%3C493A671C.6060404%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sat Dec  6 12:50:52 CET 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003874.html">[Opensim-dev] rex auth &amp; avatar systems (Re: future	rexviewer	merger)
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="003839.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3832">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3832">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3832">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3832">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Very much a +1 on Melanie's points about open discussion/engagement and small step-by-step patches (preferably 
accompanying each other).

Melanie wrote:
&gt;<i> Hi,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I am not opposed to Rex technology. I'm not opposed to have it in 
</I>&gt;<i> OpenSim.
</I>&gt;<i> I'm also not opposed to the people who I know (like you).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> What I am opposed to is the strategy of doing Windows-only 
</I>&gt;<i> development behind closed doors, without community (OpenSim dev) 
</I>&gt;<i> feedback, then presenting huge patches that are so brittle that they 
</I>&gt;<i> need to be applied without scrutiny or go stale.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I would welcome Rex involvement if the Rex developers would join us 
</I>&gt;<i> in -dev, discuss things, and submit small patches that we can 
</I>&gt;<i> analyze and become familiar with, and modify so they don't conflict 
</I>&gt;<i> with the directions where OpenSim core wants to go.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Fromn what I gather, Rex is intent on pushing both the login service 
</I>&gt;<i> and the viewer onto OpenSim. Including going to the point of 
</I>&gt;<i> breaking SL viewer compatibility. I am totally opposed to this. I 
</I>&gt;<i> would never endorse a single LL-Code based viewer as _the_ viewer, 
</I>&gt;<i> to the exclusion of any other, unless it's fully BSD licensed, e.g. 
</I>&gt;<i> developed from scratch.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Also, I see anumber of abuse scenarios possible with the 
</I>&gt;<i> login/avatar service (commercial abuse), which is why I personally 
</I>&gt;<i> favor a different model. Specifically, to keep the avatar appearance 
</I>&gt;<i> data on the client and not on any server at all.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> That is what I can write out right now, there is a diffuse feeling 
</I>&gt;<i> of opposition in me, that I have yet to fathom.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> If you take it in small steps, I will be with you. Megapatches would 
</I>&gt;<i> be an issue for me.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Melanie
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Ryan McDougall wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 10:35 PM, Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> In my opinion, nothing. Nothing, that is, that we could not get
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> without ReX involvement, and better.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I would like to see OpenSim do an OpenSim solution to the mesh and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> asset/inventory system. I don't feel comfortable with the ReX
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> solution, and even less comfortable with the parts of it they may
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> hold close to the chest and spring on us later. I expect some
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> unpalatable bits there. I would rather see us grow to that level in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> a true collaborative Open Source, Free environment, without being
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> under the control of a single corporation.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Which corporation is that? Do you know anything about legal or funding
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> structure of reX? Do you know any of us personally?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Its a lot to presume with little in the way of fact.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> How about instead of playing games you just ask me and I'll tell you.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> If I had the faintest idea what your concern is I'd pre-emptively tell
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> you...
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Melanie
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Cheers,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Diva Canto wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> As Rex's extensions move closer to opensim (I'm in the group of people
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> who can't wait to see meshes and better graphics!), it will be good to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> know more of the details of Rex. I'm not sure I understand completely
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the use of &quot;avatar&quot; here, as we know that opensim uses it to denote a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> pixelated carcass, that's neither a user nor an agent. And in Rex the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &quot;avatar system&quot; seems like it's more of a user storage/asset system.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Part of the user's storage/assets includes the pixelated carcass for
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> opensim-based worlds that care about that; but it includes all other
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> assets owned by the user.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> It would be interesting to compare existing efforts in opensim such as
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the Hypergrid and the distributed asset server with Rex's avatar system.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Is it possible that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hypergrid+DAS &gt;= Rex's Avatar System ?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> What else does the avatar system bring to the table?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Crista
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Ryan McDougall wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thank you for your addition to the discussion James, however I think
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Paul may have misunderstood reX architecture when made a private
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> discussion public without consent.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The reX avatar and authentication servers replace the User server and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> split it into Avatar storage for reX's own avatar system, and pure
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> authentication of identity (the latter a bit like OpenID). The idea is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to enable avatar portability: the ability to take the same
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> meticulously created reX avatar from one grid to another.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Afaik there is no analogue for stock OpenSim, and thus its difficult
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to merge until the reX team is better integrated with OpenSim.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Moreover I see room for improvement there, and have some ideas to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> change it further. It would be better for all parties if we did our
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> prototyping first, and then worry about arguing who has the better
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> concept or code later and the discussion is on objective ground.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Cheers,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 8:05 PM, James Stallings II
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">james.stallings at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> LOL an ESPECIALLY good idea given they are the originators of the project
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and maintainers of the core offering :D
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Cheers
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> James
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 11:52 AM, Jani Pirkola &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jpirkola at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Paul,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Good idea to involve Opensim-dev, since they might have better ideas. I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> suppose Adam Frisby has already thought how or if to integrate avatar
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> storage to Opensim.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> One reason for avatar appearance (or agent domain) handling being at the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> same place with the opensim is because in SL this was so. When we move
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> towards free 3D Internet (free as libre), then we need to be able to take
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> our avatar with us from grid to grid. This means that a grid must accept
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> foreign agent domains - and eventually someone would like to run just the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> avatar service.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Jani
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">metaphorz at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I am resending this since i think I sent a message from the wrong
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> email account...
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ..........
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Jani
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  I confess to not knowing the details of the rex viewer source, so please
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> take
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> my comments in that light. However, to me, it would seem more logical to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> evolve the already existing UGAIM+R services of OpenSim rather than
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> inventing a separate way of handling region and user services. I feel
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> we may need more discussion with the opensim developers (which is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> why I am cc'ing them).  If I am missing something in the logic of your
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> revised
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Rex viewer implementation strategy, please let me know, and thank your
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> team again for its excellent viewer capabilities.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> In summary, if there is something about the way that opensim handles
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> avatars or authentication, then suggest fixes to this via opensim-dev.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Yes?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> If the DB schema(s) need to change, then suggest changes or add new
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> tables.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -paul
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Jani Pirkola wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Exactly, that is what we will do. However some of the services need to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> be able to run separately from the region or opensim server. The best
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> example of this is the avatar storage and user authentication, which we feel
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> needs to be its own entity.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Jani
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Presumably, the &quot;services&quot; aspect can be worked out as a region
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> module
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     for opensim? Either that, or the rex team would work with the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> opensim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     team on the opensim trunk to extend its service capabilities to be
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     more
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     consistent with rexviewer. That way, developers or users are free
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     to update or
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     re-build opensim whenever it suits them, and rexviewer would still
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     function.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     -p
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Antti Ilom&#228;ki wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         Actually that's not exactly the case, viewer modifications are
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         important to us, but the avatar portability service (and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         participating
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         in world server development as well) is another central feature
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> we
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         have. Our system currently allows full avatar portability
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> between
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         different worlds and even the inventory works, at least to an
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         extent.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;&gt;:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             I could be wrong, but i thought the point was to make Rex
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             purely
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             a visual client (viewer) and to let OpenSim handle the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             services?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             -paul
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     --     Dr. Paul A. Fishwick           E-Mail: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Dept. of Computer &amp; Info       Phone &amp; FAX: (352) 392-1414
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Science and Engineering       WWW:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~fishwick">http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~fishwick</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;<A HREF="http://www.cise.ufl.edu/%7Efishwick">http://www.cise.ufl.edu/%7Efishwick</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     University of Florida          (PGP Key available at above WWW
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     address)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     P. O. Box 116120
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     332 Bldg. CSE, Gainesville, FL 32611-6120
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ===================================
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The wind
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> scours the earth for prayers
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The night obscures them
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://del.icio.us/SPQR">http://del.icio.us/SPQR</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/jstallings2">http://twitter.com/jstallings2</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49">http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>

-- 
justincc
Justin Clark-Casey
<A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003874.html">[Opensim-dev] rex auth &amp; avatar systems (Re: future	rexviewer	merger)
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="003839.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3832">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3832">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3832">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3832">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
