<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-December/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20future%20rexviewer%20merger&In-Reply-To=%3C63FAD4F222230A4EA79DE9E8BE66473502E938D5%40winxbeus19.exchange.xchg%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="003822.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="003825.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger</H1>
    <B>Frisby, Adam</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20future%20rexviewer%20merger&In-Reply-To=%3C63FAD4F222230A4EA79DE9E8BE66473502E938D5%40winxbeus19.exchange.xchg%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger">adam at deepthink.com.au
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sat Dec  6 04:25:10 CET 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003822.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="003825.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3824">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3824">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3824">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3824">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>&gt;<i> Fromn what I gather, Rex is intent on pushing both the login service
</I>&gt;<i> and the viewer onto OpenSim. Including going to the point of
</I>&gt;<i> breaking SL viewer compatibility. I am totally opposed to this. I
</I>&gt;<i> would never endorse a single LL-Code based viewer as _the_ viewer,
</I>&gt;<i> to the exclusion of any other, unless it's fully BSD licensed, e.g.
</I>&gt;<i> developed from scratch.
</I>
This actually isn't true.

The login service is wholly self-contained in the modular rex DLL, there's no dependency on modifying OpenSim at all. (Yes, this required a lot of hackery initially to work, but it does.), so there's no real reason to push it back to OpenSim since there's no core changes.

Regards,

Adam



&gt;<i> -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> [mailto:opensim-dev-
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Melanie
</I>&gt;<i> Sent: Friday, 5 December 2008 5:47 PM
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Hi,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I am not opposed to Rex technology. I'm not opposed to have it in
</I>&gt;<i> OpenSim.
</I>&gt;<i> I'm also not opposed to the people who I know (like you).
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> What I am opposed to is the strategy of doing Windows-only
</I>&gt;<i> development behind closed doors, without community (OpenSim dev)
</I>&gt;<i> feedback, then presenting huge patches that are so brittle that they
</I>&gt;<i> need to be applied without scrutiny or go stale.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I would welcome Rex involvement if the Rex developers would join us
</I>&gt;<i> in -dev, discuss things, and submit small patches that we can
</I>&gt;<i> analyze and become familiar with, and modify so they don't conflict
</I>&gt;<i> with the directions where OpenSim core wants to go.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Fromn what I gather, Rex is intent on pushing both the login service
</I>&gt;<i> and the viewer onto OpenSim. Including going to the point of
</I>&gt;<i> breaking SL viewer compatibility. I am totally opposed to this. I
</I>&gt;<i> would never endorse a single LL-Code based viewer as _the_ viewer,
</I>&gt;<i> to the exclusion of any other, unless it's fully BSD licensed, e.g.
</I>&gt;<i> developed from scratch.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Also, I see anumber of abuse scenarios possible with the
</I>&gt;<i> login/avatar service (commercial abuse), which is why I personally
</I>&gt;<i> favor a different model. Specifically, to keep the avatar appearance
</I>&gt;<i> data on the client and not on any server at all.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> That is what I can write out right now, there is a diffuse feeling
</I>&gt;<i> of opposition in me, that I have yet to fathom.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> If you take it in small steps, I will be with you. Megapatches would
</I>&gt;<i> be an issue for me.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Melanie
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Ryan McDougall wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 10:35 PM, Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; In my opinion, nothing. Nothing, that is, that we could not get
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; without ReX involvement, and better.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; I would like to see OpenSim do an OpenSim solution to the mesh and
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; asset/inventory system. I don't feel comfortable with the ReX
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; solution, and even less comfortable with the parts of it they may
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; hold close to the chest and spring on us later. I expect some
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; unpalatable bits there. I would rather see us grow to that level in
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; a true collaborative Open Source, Free environment, without being
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; under the control of a single corporation.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Which corporation is that? Do you know anything about legal or
</I>&gt;<i> funding
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; structure of reX? Do you know any of us personally?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Its a lot to presume with little in the way of fact.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; How about instead of playing games you just ask me and I'll tell you.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; If I had the faintest idea what your concern is I'd pre-emptively
</I>&gt;<i> tell
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; you...
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Melanie
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Diva Canto wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; As Rex's extensions move closer to opensim (I'm in the group of
</I>&gt;<i> people
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; who can't wait to see meshes and better graphics!), it will be good
</I>&gt;<i> to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; know more of the details of Rex. I'm not sure I understand
</I>&gt;<i> completely
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; the use of &quot;avatar&quot; here, as we know that opensim uses it to denote
</I>&gt;<i> a
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; pixelated carcass, that's neither a user nor an agent. And in Rex
</I>&gt;<i> the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; &quot;avatar system&quot; seems like it's more of a user storage/asset
</I>&gt;<i> system.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Part of the user's storage/assets includes the pixelated carcass
</I>&gt;<i> for
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; opensim-based worlds that care about that; but it includes all
</I>&gt;<i> other
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; assets owned by the user.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; It would be interesting to compare existing efforts in opensim such
</I>&gt;<i> as
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; the Hypergrid and the distributed asset server with Rex's avatar
</I>&gt;<i> system.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Is it possible that
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Hypergrid+DAS &gt;= Rex's Avatar System ?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; What else does the avatar system bring to the table?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Crista
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Ryan McDougall wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Thank you for your addition to the discussion James, however I
</I>&gt;<i> think
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Paul may have misunderstood reX architecture when made a private
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; discussion public without consent.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; The reX avatar and authentication servers replace the User server
</I>&gt;<i> and
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; split it into Avatar storage for reX's own avatar system, and pure
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; authentication of identity (the latter a bit like OpenID). The
</I>&gt;<i> idea is
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; to enable avatar portability: the ability to take the same
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; meticulously created reX avatar from one grid to another.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Afaik there is no analogue for stock OpenSim, and thus its
</I>&gt;<i> difficult
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; to merge until the reX team is better integrated with OpenSim.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Moreover I see room for improvement there, and have some ideas to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; change it further. It would be better for all parties if we did
</I>&gt;<i> our
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; prototyping first, and then worry about arguing who has the better
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; concept or code later and the discussion is on objective ground.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 8:05 PM, James Stallings II
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">james.stallings at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; LOL an ESPECIALLY good idea given they are the originators of the
</I>&gt;<i> project
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; and maintainers of the core offering :D
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Cheers
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; James
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; On Fri, Dec 5, 2008 at 11:52 AM, Jani Pirkola
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jpirkola at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Paul,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Good idea to involve Opensim-dev, since they might have better
</I>&gt;<i> ideas. I
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; suppose Adam Frisby has already thought how or if to integrate
</I>&gt;<i> avatar
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; storage to Opensim.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; One reason for avatar appearance (or agent domain) handling
</I>&gt;<i> being at the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; same place with the opensim is because in SL this was so. When
</I>&gt;<i> we move
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; towards free 3D Internet (free as libre), then we need to be
</I>&gt;<i> able to take
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; our avatar with us from grid to grid. This means that a grid
</I>&gt;<i> must accept
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; foreign agent domains - and eventually someone would like to run
</I>&gt;<i> just the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; avatar service.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jani
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">metaphorz at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I am resending this since i think I sent a message from the
</I>&gt;<i> wrong
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; email account...
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ..........
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jani
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;  I confess to not knowing the details of the rex viewer source,
</I>&gt;<i> so please
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; take
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; my comments in that light. However, to me, it would seem more
</I>&gt;<i> logical to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; evolve the already existing UGAIM+R services of OpenSim rather
</I>&gt;<i> than
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; inventing a separate way of handling region and user services.
</I>&gt;<i> I feel
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; that
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; we may need more discussion with the opensim developers (which
</I>&gt;<i> is
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; why I am cc'ing them).  If I am missing something in the logic
</I>&gt;<i> of your
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; revised
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Rex viewer implementation strategy, please let me know, and
</I>&gt;<i> thank your
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; team again for its excellent viewer capabilities.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; In summary, if there is something about the way that opensim
</I>&gt;<i> handles
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; avatars or authentication, then suggest fixes to this via
</I>&gt;<i> opensim-dev.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Yes?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; If the DB schema(s) need to change, then suggest changes or add
</I>&gt;<i> new
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; tables.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; -paul
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jani Pirkola wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Exactly, that is what we will do. However some of the services
</I>&gt;<i> need to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; be able to run separately from the region or opensim server.
</I>&gt;<i> The best
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; example of this is the avatar storage and user authentication,
</I>&gt;<i> which we feel
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; needs to be its own entity.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Jani
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     Presumably, the &quot;services&quot; aspect can be worked out as a
</I>&gt;<i> region
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; module
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     for opensim? Either that, or the rex team would work with
</I>&gt;<i> the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; opensim
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     team on the opensim trunk to extend its service
</I>&gt;<i> capabilities to be
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     more
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     consistent with rexviewer. That way, developers or users
</I>&gt;<i> are free
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     to update or
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     re-build opensim whenever it suits them, and rexviewer
</I>&gt;<i> would still
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     function.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     -p
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     Antti Ilom&#228;ki wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         Actually that's not exactly the case, viewer
</I>&gt;<i> modifications are
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         important to us, but the avatar portability service
</I>&gt;<i> (and
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         participating
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         in world server development as well) is another
</I>&gt;<i> central feature
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; we
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         have. Our system currently allows full avatar
</I>&gt;<i> portability
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; between
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         different worlds and even the inventory works, at
</I>&gt;<i> least to an
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         extent.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         2008/12/5 Paul Fishwick &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;         &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;&gt;:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;             I could be wrong, but i thought the point was to
</I>&gt;<i> make Rex
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;             purely
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;             a visual client (viewer) and to let OpenSim handle
</I>&gt;<i> the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;             services?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;             -paul
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     --     Dr. Paul A. Fishwick           E-Mail:
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fishwick at cise.ufl.edu</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     Dept. of Computer &amp; Info       Phone &amp; FAX: (352) 392-1414
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     Science and Engineering       WWW:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     <A HREF="http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~fishwick">http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~fishwick</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     &lt;<A HREF="http://www.cise.ufl.edu/%7Efishwick">http://www.cise.ufl.edu/%7Efishwick</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     University of Florida          (PGP Key available at above
</I>&gt;<i> WWW
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     address)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     P. O. Box 116120
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;     332 Bldg. CSE, Gainesville, FL 32611-6120
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; --
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; ===================================
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; The wind
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; scours the earth for prayers
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; The night obscures them
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://del.icio.us/SPQR">http://del.icio.us/SPQR</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://twitter.com/jstallings2">http://twitter.com/jstallings2</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49">http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; -------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> -----
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003822.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="003825.html">[Opensim-dev] future rexviewer merger
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3824">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3824">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3824">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3824">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
