<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20How%20necessary%20are%20the%20latest%20group%20changes%20in%0A%090.6.9-post-fixes%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4BE9EAAD.7000804%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008687.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008630.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20How%20necessary%20are%20the%20latest%20group%20changes%20in%0A%090.6.9-post-fixes%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4BE9EAAD.7000804%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed May 12 01:39:25 CEST 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008687.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008630.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8629">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8629">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8629">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8629">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi Michael (if you're out there).

How necessary are the groups changes in commits 8a69070 and 91cfce3?  These appear to change configuration parameters and I would really like to avoid making these changes in 0.6.9 proper.

In fact, it might be a good idea to avoid these changes in non-master versions of OpenSim.

-- 
Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
<A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008687.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008630.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8629">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8629">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8629">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8629">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
