<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20How%20necessary%20are%20the%20latest%20group%20changes%20in%0A%090.6.9-post-fixes%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4BE9FFDC.9020909%40gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008630.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008632.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?</H1>
    <B>Michael Cortez</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20How%20necessary%20are%20the%20latest%20group%20changes%20in%0A%090.6.9-post-fixes%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4BE9FFDC.9020909%40gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?">mcortez at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed May 12 03:09:48 CEST 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008630.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008632.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8631">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8631">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8631">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8631">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>&gt;<i> How necessary are the groups changes in commits 8a69070 and 91cfce3?  
</I>
It significantly improves groups performance in some grids (reports are 
in some cases it reduces 10's of thousands of DB requests to a few dozen.)

It also adds support for Simian Services backed groups, which are a lot 
easier to setup (assuming you are already using Simian) then the normal 
groups, since they do not require a separate PHP xmlrpc service.

&gt;<i> These appear to change configuration parameters and I would really like 
</I>&gt;<i> to avoid making these changes in 0.6.9 proper.
</I>
The changes were very effective in master/head -- and were requested for 
the post fix branch by some of the groups users.

In theory it should be possible to keep the old (and badly/incorrectly) 
named OpenSim.ini configuration parameters, while still incorporating 
the other changes.  Since I'm not actively developing for the .69 PF 
branch I took the path of lest work when back-porting the changes 
(including the config param names.)

--
Michael Cortez



</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008630.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008632.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8631">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8631">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8631">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8631">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
