<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20How%20necessary%20are%20the%20latest%20group%20changes%20in%0A%090.6.9-post-fixes%3F&In-Reply-To=%3CAANLkTiniXOV-bf-RqzOoNGAr92b9wvQQJ-Wrh6cV3W9z%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008631.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008643.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?</H1>
    <B>Michael Cerquoni</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20How%20necessary%20are%20the%20latest%20group%20changes%20in%0A%090.6.9-post-fixes%3F&In-Reply-To=%3CAANLkTiniXOV-bf-RqzOoNGAr92b9wvQQJ-Wrh6cV3W9z%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?">nebadon2025 at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed May 12 03:42:49 CEST 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008631.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008643.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8632">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8632">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8632">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8632">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hey michael this is the patch that was applied:

<A HREF="http://github.com/downloads/mcortez/opensim/GroupsBackport_20100408.zip">http://github.com/downloads/mcortez/opensim/GroupsBackport_20100408.zip</A>

after this was applied I am no longer able to log into the region anymore,
the sim just crashes, I have reverted it is back to normal but this patch is
still in the post-fixes branch right now and is currently a break for OSgrid
regions anyway, I also double checked to make sure we have the most current
xmlrpc.php installed and we did, so I am not quite sure what went wrong on
this patch, perhaps the wrong one was applied?  It was posted in this
mantis:

<A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4646">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4646</A>

let me know what you think or if there is anything more I can provide to you
for this.  Thanks

On Tue, May 11, 2010 at 6:09 PM, Michael Cortez &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">mcortez at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> How necessary are the groups changes in commits 8a69070 and 91cfce3?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> It significantly improves groups performance in some grids (reports are in
</I>&gt;<i> some cases it reduces 10's of thousands of DB requests to a few dozen.)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> It also adds support for Simian Services backed groups, which are a lot
</I>&gt;<i> easier to setup (assuming you are already using Simian) then the normal
</I>&gt;<i> groups, since they do not require a separate PHP xmlrpc service.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>  These appear to change configuration parameters and I would really like to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> avoid making these changes in 0.6.9 proper.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> The changes were very effective in master/head -- and were requested for
</I>&gt;<i> the post fix branch by some of the groups users.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> In theory it should be possible to keep the old (and badly/incorrectly)
</I>&gt;<i> named OpenSim.ini configuration parameters, while still incorporating the
</I>&gt;<i> other changes.  Since I'm not actively developing for the .69 PF branch I
</I>&gt;<i> took the path of lest work when back-porting the changes (including the
</I>&gt;<i> config param names.)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> Michael Cortez
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>


-- 
Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20100511/8f4e242c/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20100511/8f4e242c/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008631.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008643.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8632">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8632">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8632">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8632">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
