<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Changes to asset service protocol (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] .. r/12731)
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Changes%20to%20asset%20service%20protocol%20%28was%0A%20Re%3A%09%5BOpensim-commits%5D%20..%20r/12731%29&In-Reply-To=%3C4BE9EA9E.5000103%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008624.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008625.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Changes to asset service protocol (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] .. r/12731)</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Changes%20to%20asset%20service%20protocol%20%28was%0A%20Re%3A%09%5BOpensim-commits%5D%20..%20r/12731%29&In-Reply-To=%3C4BE9EA9E.5000103%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Changes to asset service protocol (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] .. r/12731)">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed May 12 01:39:10 CEST 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008624.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes to asset service protocol (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] .. r/12731)
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008625.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8628">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8628">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8628">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8628">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Melanie wrote:
&gt;<i> Well, we tentatively agreed that we'd break things badly between
</I>&gt;<i> 0.6.9 and 0.7.
</I>&gt;<i> There is already a nonlinear change to Migrations, and I think we
</I>&gt;<i> should use the opportunity to do the breaks we have to do.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> In this context the major interface number has no meaning - no one
</I>&gt;<i> should use this in production yet.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I'm not opposed to bumping it, I'd actually thought about it
</I>&gt;<i> briefly, then I said &quot;why?&quot;, since we already have breaks in the
</I>&gt;<i> upgrade path that aren't guarded. Whole Hawg or None.
</I>
I think it would be good to bump for other developers using master (both core and non-core).

I don't think that it matters if there are discontinuities between that number in official OpenSim releases - it's not as if it denotes any type of documented standard after all.

&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Melanie
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-commits-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The branch, master has been updated
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>        via 9b22393 Add a field asset_flags and a corresponding enum to the asset database. This
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       from c1fe07b * Added missing loggout notification to home grid upon agents logging out in foreign grids.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Those revisions listed above that are new to this repository have
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> not appeared on any other notification email; so we list those
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> revisions in full, below.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Log -----------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> commit 9b22393cf308507dc751704c8b0d3e65ac1d4323
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Author: Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Date:   Sun May 9 17:02:22 2010 +0100
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Add a field asset_flags and a corresponding enum to the asset database. This
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     CHANGES THE ASSET SERVER PROTOCOL and means you CAN NOT MIX PRIOR VERSIONS
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     WITH LATER ONES. It may also eat your babies, yada, yada, yada.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     The usual cautions for migrations to the assets table apply.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Coding: Can not guarantee nut free.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Should this require a bump in the MajorInterfaceVersion in VersionInfo, Melanie?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>

-- 
Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
<A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008624.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes to asset service protocol (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] .. r/12731)
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008625.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8628">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8628">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8628">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8628">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
