<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev May 2010 Archive by subject</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>May 2010 Archives by subject</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Mon May  3 15:41:55 CEST 2010</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Sat May 29 22:20:29 CEST 2010</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 129<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="008706.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] Careminster functions are not	enabled
</A><A NAME="8706">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008650.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] OpenSim 0.6.9 released
</A><A NAME="8650">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008651.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] OpenSim 0.6.9 released
</A><A NAME="8651">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008652.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] OpenSim 0.6.9 released
</A><A NAME="8652">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008707.html">[Opensim-dev] A way to track access times for the Asset store
</A><A NAME="8707">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alex Reatov
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008708.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding an assembly reference to make available	via script
</A><A NAME="8708">&nbsp;</A>
<I>J Lothian
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008712.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding an assembly reference to make available	via script
</A><A NAME="8712">&nbsp;</A>
<I>J Lothian
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008721.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding an assembly reference to make available	via script
</A><A NAME="8721">&nbsp;</A>
<I>J Lothian
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008648.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding an assembly reference to make available via	script
</A><A NAME="8648">&nbsp;</A>
<I>J Lothian
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008653.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding an assembly reference to make available via	script
</A><A NAME="8653">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008709.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding an assembly reference to make available via script
</A><A NAME="8709">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008710.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding an assembly reference to make available via script
</A><A NAME="8710">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008711.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding an assembly reference to make available via script
</A><A NAME="8711">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008715.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding an assembly reference to make available via script
</A><A NAME="8715">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008718.html">[Opensim-dev] AlexRa,	test dll changes require updates to .nant/local.include for mono	run of &quot;nant test&quot;
</A><A NAME="8718">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alex Reatov
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008716.html">[Opensim-dev] AlexRa, test dll changes require updates to .nant/local.include for mono run of &quot;nant test&quot;
</A><A NAME="8716">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008689.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Cache Sourcecode?
</A><A NAME="8689">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Nelson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008690.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Cache Sourcecode?
</A><A NAME="8690">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008691.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Cache Sourcecode?
</A><A NAME="8691">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008692.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Cache Sourcecode?
</A><A NAME="8692">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Nelson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008693.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Cache Sourcecode?
</A><A NAME="8693">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008694.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Cache Sourcecode?
</A><A NAME="8694">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Nelson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008702.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Cache Sourcecode?
</A><A NAME="8702">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008703.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Cache Sourcecode?
</A><A NAME="8703">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Nelson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008696.html">[Opensim-dev] AssetLoader to selectively load assets based on	timestamps ?
</A><A NAME="8696">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alex Reatov
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008704.html">[Opensim-dev] AssetLoader to selectively load assets based on timestamps ?
</A><A NAME="8704">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008623.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes to asset service protocol (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] .. r/12731)
</A><A NAME="8623">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008624.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes to asset service protocol (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] .. r/12731)
</A><A NAME="8624">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008628.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes to asset service protocol (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] .. r/12731)
</A><A NAME="8628">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008614.html">[Opensim-dev] Connections out of control
</A><A NAME="8614">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Clive Gould
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008615.html">[Opensim-dev] Connections out of control
</A><A NAME="8615">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008676.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots on server side
</A><A NAME="8676">&nbsp;</A>
<I>it at nii.ac.jp
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008683.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots on server side
</A><A NAME="8683">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008684.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots on server side
</A><A NAME="8684">&nbsp;</A>
<I>it at nii.ac.jp
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008686.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots on server side
</A><A NAME="8686">&nbsp;</A>
<I>it at nii.ac.jp
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008688.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots on server side
</A><A NAME="8688">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008695.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots on server side
</A><A NAME="8695">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olli Aro
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008697.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots on server side
</A><A NAME="8697">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008698.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots on server side
</A><A NAME="8698">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olli Aro
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008699.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots on server side
</A><A NAME="8699">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008705.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots on server side
</A><A NAME="8705">&nbsp;</A>
<I>it at nii.ac.jp
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008655.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots via inworld scripts&#8207;&#8207;
</A><A NAME="8655">&nbsp;</A>
<I>izze euler
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008657.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots via inworld scripts&#8207;&#8207;
</A><A NAME="8657">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008658.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots via inworld scripts&#8207;&#8207;
</A><A NAME="8658">&nbsp;</A>
<I>izze euler
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008662.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots via inworld scripts&#8207;&#8207;
</A><A NAME="8662">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Paul Fishwick
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008666.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots via inworld scripts&#8207;&#8207;
</A><A NAME="8666">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008667.html">[Opensim-dev] Controlling bots via inworld scripts&#8207;&#8207;
</A><A NAME="8667">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Domain Admin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008601.html">[Opensim-dev] Drupal 7 compatible module
</A><A NAME="8601">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008603.html">[Opensim-dev] Drupal 7 compatible module
</A><A NAME="8603">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ssm2017
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008607.html">[Opensim-dev] Drupal 7 compatible module
</A><A NAME="8607">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008608.html">[Opensim-dev] Drupal 7 compatible module
</A><A NAME="8608">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ssm2017
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008700.html">[Opensim-dev] Freeswitch on Diva distribution?
</A><A NAME="8700">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008701.html">[Opensim-dev] Freeswitch on Diva distribution?
</A><A NAME="8701">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008617.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid user service
</A><A NAME="8617">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008618.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid user service
</A><A NAME="8618">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008619.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid user service
</A><A NAME="8619">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008629.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A><A NAME="8629">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008630.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A><A NAME="8630">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cerquoni
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008631.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A><A NAME="8631">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008632.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A><A NAME="8632">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cerquoni
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008643.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A><A NAME="8643">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cerquoni
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008644.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A><A NAME="8644">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cerquoni
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008645.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A><A NAME="8645">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cerquoni
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008646.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A><A NAME="8646">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cerquoni
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008647.html">[Opensim-dev] How necessary are the latest group changes in	0.6.9-post-fixes?
</A><A NAME="8647">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008680.html">[Opensim-dev] How to keep VS projects in sync with the sources?
</A><A NAME="8680">&nbsp;</A>
<I>AlexRa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008681.html">[Opensim-dev] How to keep VS projects in sync with the sources?
</A><A NAME="8681">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008682.html">[Opensim-dev] How to keep VS projects in sync with the sources?
</A><A NAME="8682">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008720.html">[Opensim-dev] If you're following Git master you may need to manually delete old SQLite/MySQL data test dlls
</A><A NAME="8720">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008717.html">[Opensim-dev] Inventory and appearance sections of OpenSim.ApplicationPlugins.Rest.Inventory inactive
</A><A NAME="8717">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008660.html">[Opensim-dev] IRegionDataStore vs IRegionData ???
</A><A NAME="8660">&nbsp;</A>
<I>AlexRa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008668.html">[Opensim-dev] IRegionDataStore vs IRegionData ???
</A><A NAME="8668">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008719.html">[Opensim-dev] mapping service viewer support
</A><A NAME="8719">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008713.html">[Opensim-dev]  Naked logged bot
</A><A NAME="8713">&nbsp;</A>
<I>it at nii.ac.jp
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008714.html">[Opensim-dev] Naked logged bot
</A><A NAME="8714">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Latif Khalifa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008669.html">[Opensim-dev] Nasty intermittent TP/border crossing bug
</A><A NAME="8669">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008670.html">[Opensim-dev] Nasty intermittent TP/border crossing bug
</A><A NAME="8670">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frank Nichols
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008649.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim 0.6.9 released
</A><A NAME="8649">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008674.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim binary install
</A><A NAME="8674">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Clive Gould
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008604.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim crashing why?
</A><A NAME="8604">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Clive Gould
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008605.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim crashing why?
</A><A NAME="8605">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Clive Gould
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008606.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim crashing why?
</A><A NAME="8606">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008599.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim release candidate 0.6.9.rc2 available
</A><A NAME="8599">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008621.html">[Opensim-dev] Possible Error in 0.6.8-release source code that	may be affecting open mantis issues
</A><A NAME="8621">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frank Nichols
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008620.html">[Opensim-dev] Possible Error in 0.6.8-release source code that may be affecting open mantis issues
</A><A NAME="8620">&nbsp;</A>
<I>capnjj at my-webhome.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008622.html">[Opensim-dev] Possible Error in 0.6.8-release source code that may be affecting open mantis issues
</A><A NAME="8622">&nbsp;</A>
<I>capnjj at my-webhome.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008625.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8625">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008626.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8626">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008627.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8627">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008633.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8633">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008634.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8634">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008635.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8635">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008637.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8637">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008636.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8636">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Smart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008638.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8638">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008639.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8639">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Smart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008640.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8640">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008641.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8641">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008642.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8642">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008654.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8654">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008671.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8671">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008675.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8675">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Smart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008679.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8679">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008685.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8685">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008687.html">[Opensim-dev] Running FreeSwitch with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8687">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008661.html">[Opensim-dev] SL viewer 2
</A><A NAME="8661">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olli Aro
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008663.html">[Opensim-dev] SL viewer 2
</A><A NAME="8663">&nbsp;</A>
<I>drwhiet at spacefriends.de
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008664.html">[Opensim-dev] SL viewer 2
</A><A NAME="8664">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olli Aro
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008665.html">[Opensim-dev] SL viewer 2
</A><A NAME="8665">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008677.html">[Opensim-dev] Some new code for your review and	possible	acceptance
</A><A NAME="8677">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008678.html">[Opensim-dev] Some new code for your review and	possible	acceptance
</A><A NAME="8678">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008672.html">[Opensim-dev] Some new code for your review and possible	acceptance
</A><A NAME="8672">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008673.html">[Opensim-dev] Some new code for your review and possible	acceptance
</A><A NAME="8673">&nbsp;</A>
<I>AlexRa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008659.html">[Opensim-dev] Some new code for your review and possible acceptance
</A><A NAME="8659">&nbsp;</A>
<I>AlexRa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008592.html">[Opensim-dev] www.opensim.net
</A><A NAME="8592">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tedd Hansen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008593.html">[Opensim-dev] www.opensim.net
</A><A NAME="8593">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fish Kungfu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008594.html">[Opensim-dev] www.opensim.net
</A><A NAME="8594">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Sheridan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008595.html">[Opensim-dev] www.opensim.net
</A><A NAME="8595">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008596.html">[Opensim-dev] www.opensim.net
</A><A NAME="8596">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert A. Knop Jr.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008597.html">[Opensim-dev] www.opensim.net
</A><A NAME="8597">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008598.html">[Opensim-dev] www.opensim.net
</A><A NAME="8598">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008612.html">[Opensim-dev] www.opensim.net
</A><A NAME="8612">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tedd Hansen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008613.html">[Opensim-dev] www.opensim.net
</A><A NAME="8613">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cerquoni
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008616.html">[Opensim-dev] www.opensim.net
</A><A NAME="8616">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008611.html">[Opensim-dev] XInventory	issues	(was	Re:	[Opensim-commits]	...r/12657)
</A><A NAME="8611">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008610.html">[Opensim-dev] XInventory issues	(was	Re:	[Opensim-commits]	...r/12657)
</A><A NAME="8610">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008609.html">[Opensim-dev] XInventory issues (was	Re:	[Opensim-commits]	...r/12657)
</A><A NAME="8609">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008602.html">[Opensim-dev] XInventory issues (was Re:	[Opensim-commits]	...r/12657)
</A><A NAME="8602">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008600.html">[Opensim-dev] XInventory issues (was Re: [Opensim-commits]	...r/12657)
</A><A NAME="8600">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Sat May 29 22:20:29 CEST 2010</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:45 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

