<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] WARNING: r9562 may break things
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20WARNING%3A%20r9562%20may%20break%20things&In-Reply-To=%3C4A0D97B2.9010608%40metaverseink.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="006490.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="006492.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] WARNING: r9562 may break things</H1>
    <B>diva at metaverseink.com</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20WARNING%3A%20r9562%20may%20break%20things&In-Reply-To=%3C4A0D97B2.9010608%40metaverseink.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] WARNING: r9562 may break things">diva at metaverseink.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri May 15 18:26:26 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006490.html">[Opensim-dev] WARNING: r9562 may break things
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="006492.html">[Opensim-dev] voice meetings
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6491">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6491">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6491">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6491">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I had no idea there was a separate branch about this!
We should definitely work together on this, rather than separate.
Talking about lack of communication... :D


MW wrote:
&gt;<i> The main concern I have is that the whole empty shell for servers and 
</I>&gt;<i> then loading services sounds exactly like myself and mikkopa having been 
</I>&gt;<i> doing in the GenericGridServerConcept branch. The way it works is that 
</I>&gt;<i> there is a single base server that loads plugins, the plugins can be any 
</I>&gt;<i> service. At the moment the plugins/services are the logic from the 
</I>&gt;<i> current user server and grid server. As we were taking it one step at a 
</I>&gt;<i> time and just getting the base architecture. So with the base server you 
</I>&gt;<i> could have it so it could load all the plugins and act as a combined 
</I>&gt;<i> user server and grid server (and any other services in the future) or 
</I>&gt;<i> have separate servers for each as we have now. It also uses ini (nini) 
</I>&gt;<i> to config the servers and plugins. But of course the work isn't 
</I>&gt;<i> finished, but everyone could have worked on it and improved it.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> The reason this was done in a branch is because its big changes and I 
</I>&gt;<i> wanted to get it into some working condition before it went into trunk. 
</I>&gt;<i> Also the fact that it hadn't been talked about in enough details to get 
</I>&gt;<i> a agreement on if it should go into trunk.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Now I'm not saying that work in what we should have in trunk. I'm just 
</I>&gt;<i> saying there is that work going on, and anyone can get involved in it.. 
</I>&gt;<i> And we should be working together to make it into what we want. But 
</I>&gt;<i> instead we have the situation where we have this new idea what sounds a 
</I>&gt;<i> lot like what has been done in the branch but rather all of us work 
</I>&gt;<i> together we have ended up we two concurrent work in progresses.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I'm completely fine with going with a different architecture to the one 
</I>&gt;<i> in the branch, although it does sound very similar to melanie's idea 
</I>&gt;<i> anyway. But really we should talk about what is wrong with the current 
</I>&gt;<i> work that is going on in that branch. Not just ignore it and start on 
</I>&gt;<i> her own idea without proper input. We are a team and we have to work as 
</I>&gt;<i> a team.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> So my problem isn't with the architecture, far from it from what has 
</I>&gt;<i> been described, just the problem is the way its been done. Not enough 
</I>&gt;<i> details of the plan had been published and just ignoring other current 
</I>&gt;<i> work, what just doesn't help with the future of the project if everyone 
</I>&gt;<i> just goes off and does there own thing, even if thats duplication other 
</I>&gt;<i> current work.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Anyway I think if nothing else this just goes to show there is no point 
</I>&gt;<i> in us doing anything in branches ever again.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> --- On *Fri, 15/5/09, <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> /&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;/* 
</I>&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>     Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] WARNING: r9562 may break things
</I>&gt;<i>     To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     Date: Friday, 15 May, 2009, 4:55 PM
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Let me explain in my own words what this new architecture is all about.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     My original intention with this was purely to improve the software
</I>&gt;<i>     architecture, so that we and others can do a lot more variation very
</I>&gt;<i>     easily. (This was not just my intention, we all know that what we have
</I>&gt;<i>     right now is a pain in the neck, and that it has always been a goal to
</I>&gt;<i>     improve it)
</I>&gt;<i>     Melanie thinks that since we're at it, we might as well improve the
</I>&gt;<i>     protocols on the wire and move everything to HTTP/REST. While I agree
</I>&gt;<i>     that's where we should end up, I would do the transition in 2 steps:
</I>&gt;<i>     first step would be to put the new software architecture in place, the
</I>&gt;<i>     second would be to improve the protocols on the wire. And I would keep
</I>&gt;<i>     the old service connectors around. But I have no problems with changing
</I>&gt;<i>     both things at the same time and getting rid of the old service
</I>&gt;<i>     connectors... Anyway, let me explain.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     The new architecture that Melanie is putting in place is wonderful! The
</I>&gt;<i>     focus is now radically on *services*, servers being shells that load
</I>&gt;<i>     any
</I>&gt;<i>     combination of those services. Conceptually, a Service is tuple
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;IService,
</I>&gt;<i>       ServiceImplementation,
</I>&gt;<i>       ServiceConnectorOut,
</I>&gt;<i>       ServiceConnectorIn&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Callers of a service know only of IService; that IService on the client
</I>&gt;<i>     side is mapped to a ServiceConnectorOut at initialization time
</I>&gt;<i>     according
</I>&gt;<i>     to the configurations. ServiceConnectorOut encapsulates all the code
</I>&gt;<i>     required to interact with a particular service implementation. So if
</I>&gt;<i>     anyone comes and decides to write a completely new protocol for a
</I>&gt;<i>     service, as long as that protocol can comply with IService this is as
</I>&gt;<i>     easy as that service implementer providing a different
</I>&gt;<i>     ServiceConnectorOut -- no changes on the client side whatsoever.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     The new architecture improves the server-side too. For starters, these
</I>&gt;<i>     new servers are configured in exactly the same way as the simulators,
</I>&gt;<i>     with a XXXService.ini. This is already a major improvement for making
</I>&gt;<i>     all our servers consistent -- simulators and UGAIMXX are servers of
</I>&gt;<i>     about the same kind.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Second, combining services in server shells is now also very easy. For
</I>&gt;<i>     example, the new inventory server can easily be configured to also
</I>&gt;<i>     serve
</I>&gt;<i>     assets, or to interact with a remote asset server. This particular
</I>&gt;<i>     combination basically generates the mix in Cable Beach's
</I>&gt;<i>     AssetInventoryServer, but without having to make it be a big deal.
</I>&gt;<i>     Similarly, it will be very easy to write a server that serves all of
</I>&gt;<i>     UGAIM services, if anyone likes that particular combination. Etc. I
</I>&gt;<i>     think the intention is that OpenSim will continue to provide the 6
</I>&gt;<i>     servers we have now, but people can now change that very easily.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Stefan asked &quot;shouldn't the Region server move into the Servers as
</I>&gt;<i>     well?&quot; and this is a great question. It probably should, but since the
</I>&gt;<i>     simulator is our big-ass server, I think it's ok if we treat it in a
</I>&gt;<i>     special way. In any case, I started a dll called OpenSim.Simulator
</I>&gt;<i>     whose
</I>&gt;<i>     purpose is to have a set of services that may be enabled on the
</I>&gt;<i>     Simulator server itself. Specifically, this will hold UGAIM
</I>&gt;<i>     ServiceConnectorIn's for standalone grids that let the users go out.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Does this make sense?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     MW wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; So can we have some idea of what is being done for the new grid
</I>&gt;<i>     servers,
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; all the talk I saw was about region side dlls /config setting etc.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; I was already in the middle of making a generic base for grid
</I>&gt;<i>     servers
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; and modules. I don't care about the actual logic but I would like
</I>&gt;<i>     to see
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; how we can use the same or similar module system.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; BTW when talking about the servers, I mean the user, grid and
</I>&gt;<i>     messaging
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; servers. I haven't done anything on the asset or inventory side.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; --- On *Fri, 15/5/09, Melanie /&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&gt;&gt;/* wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     From: Melanie &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">melanie at t-data.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] WARNING: r9562 may break things
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     Date: Friday, 15 May, 2009, 1:57 PM
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     The old grid servers will be completely replaced. ANything
</I>&gt;<i>     thet is
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     getting fixed there will be taken into the new servers, but
</I>&gt;<i>     there is
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     really no point in architectural work on the old servers..
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     Melanie
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     MW wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; This is just the region side stuff that is changing? Just
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     wondering if anything will conflict with the generic grid server
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     work in the branch.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Alos on a side note, it would be good if we could tag a new
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     stable release from before these changes. &gt;From what feedback
</I>&gt;<i>     I have
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     seen, it seems that a revision somewhere around 9395 was
</I>&gt;<i>     about the
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     most recent quite stable revision. If there is agreement on
</I>&gt;<i>     that or
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     another revision then I'll tag/branch it as a 0.6.5RC.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; --- On Fri, 15/5/09, <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Subject: [Opensim-dev] WARNING: r9562 may break things
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; To: &quot;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists..berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;&quot;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Date: Friday, 15 May, 2009, 6:23 AM
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Everyone --
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Just a warning to please stay away from head, starting in
</I>&gt;<i>     r9562,
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     for the
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; next couple of days unless you really really really want
</I>&gt;<i>     to help
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     test
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; things. We started replacing the services to the new service
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     model that
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; was discussed here a few weeks ago, staring with the asset
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     service. For
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; starters, there are new configuration variables in OpenSim.ini
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     that you
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; need to get acquainted with -- see the
</I>&gt;<i>     OpenSim.ini..example at the
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; bottom. But unless you really need to be in head, don't;
</I>&gt;<i>     please
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     wait at
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; least 24 hours.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Melanie --
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; The transplant is mostly done. See commit message for the
</I>&gt;<i>     things
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     that
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; are borked. Also note, I changed the config var you had called
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &quot;Modules&quot;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; to &quot;ServiceConnectors&quot;, you probably need to change your
</I>&gt;<i>     local .ini.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Talk to you tomorrow.
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;       
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; 
</I>&gt;<i>        ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>     ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios..de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios..de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>     Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006490.html">[Opensim-dev] WARNING: r9562 may break things
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="006492.html">[Opensim-dev] voice meetings
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6491">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6491">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6491">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6491">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
