<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Navigating the Wiki
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Navigating%20the%20Wiki&In-Reply-To=%3Cf5f722b90905201010n567fcc94ta08e78bfb12e92b2%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="006567.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="006568.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Navigating the Wiki</H1>
    <B>Mark Malewski</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Navigating%20the%20Wiki&In-Reply-To=%3Cf5f722b90905201010n567fcc94ta08e78bfb12e92b2%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Navigating the Wiki">mark.malewski at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Wed May 20 19:10:23 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006567.html">[Opensim-dev] Navigating the Wiki
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="006568.html">[Opensim-dev] Navigating the Wiki
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6571">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6571">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6571">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6571">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Well just give me a bit of time first.
I'll get the pages and navigation down first, and then I'll post a list of
pages that need updating.  Then anyone that wants to get involved, can grab
a page and start working on updating/adding content.

That way at least I just have a small list of pages that I can just
review/edit, and we can open up certain areas/topics for discussion.

                   Mark  (&quot;the Zealot&quot;)

&gt;<i> I also suspect the ongoing asset/inventory/server significant re-write
</I>going
&gt;<i> on right now needs some extra special attention as I see that one as a
</I>&gt;<i> support nightmare.
</I>
P.S.  If some of the core developers could contact me &quot;off-list&quot; about some
of the ongoing re-write, just so I have an idea of what pages need to be
added, and what work needs to be done on the re-write section.  Then I may
ask for a few volunteers to help work hand-in-hand with a couple of the
developers so that we can get those pages updated, and we can at least get
the proper documentation done for the re-write.

For now, just give me some time, and also just throw some ideas (and good
common questions) out there, so I can jot them down and work on updating the
FAQ pages.


On Wed, May 20, 2009 at 11:58 AM, Charles Krinke &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">cfk at pacbell.net</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> I would also like to suggest, only so that Mark doesnt have all this
</I>&gt;<i> dropped on his shoulders, that others help in various sections.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> It seems reasonable to me that Mark co-ordinate this as the 'zealot'. So,
</I>&gt;<i> lets help Mark get our wiki to the next stage of documentation.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Charles
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> *From:* Mark Malewski &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">mark.malewski at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> *Sent:* Wednesday, May 20, 2009 9:52:52 AM
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Navigating the Wiki
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Charles,
</I>&gt;<i> Excellent questions.  I'll work on the FAQ as well.  I'm almost certain
</I>&gt;<i> that the FAQ needs updating.  I'll put it on my &quot;To Do&quot; list, and slowly get
</I>&gt;<i> to it.  Once I get closer to finishing, I'll post a list of pages &quot;open for
</I>&gt;<i> discussion&quot; and &quot;open for comment&quot; so that we can talk about what things
</I>&gt;<i> should be added (and where).  Yes, the FAQ pages do need some work.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> If anyone else can think of some quick &quot;newbie&quot; questions (commonly asked
</I>&gt;<i> questions) please let me know.  I'll jot them down, and work on adding those
</I>&gt;<i> pages as well, with a nice navigation page/menu back to the main FAQ &amp;
</I>&gt;<i> support area page.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  I also suspect the ongoing asset/inventory/server significant re-write
</I>&gt;<i> going on right now needs
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; some extra special attention as I see that one as a support nightmare.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Don't get me started...  &lt;Holding my head&gt;  Why do you think I've been
</I>&gt;<i> hanging out in the WIKI so much?  ;-)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Yes, I'm working on it.  Just give me some time.  ;-)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>                      Thanks,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>                        Mark
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> P.S.  Keep the questions coming, because those are all good topics that
</I>&gt;<i> should be covered.  If anyone else has any additional good questions, please
</I>&gt;<i> chime in.  I'll put them on the &quot;To Do List&quot;.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Wed, May 20, 2009 at 11:11 AM, Charles Krinke &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">cfk at pacbell.net</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Some of the common questions that come up but are not easily answered on
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the wiki are:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 1. What is the current recommended version?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 2. My OpenSim.ini does not work after an upgrade with SVN, how can I fix
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> this?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 3. How do I setup a region?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 4. How do I setup a grid?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 5. What does HyperGrid mean?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> As we move forward, perhaps making sure these and other similar questions
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> have at least two pages referencing them might help us.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> One of those pages could almost always be the FAQ (Frequently Asked
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Questions), which is in itself need of a little attention.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Charles
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> p.s. I also suspect the ongoing asset/inventory/server significant
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> re-write going on right now needs some extra special attention as I see that
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> one as a support nightmare.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *From:* Robert Martin &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">robertltux at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *Sent:* Wednesday, May 20, 2009 9:06:05 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Navigating the Wiki
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> While you are doing the truly Herculean task of fixing the Wiki could
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> you please make sure that
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> A there is a site map somewhere on the site (oh maybe on a page named
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Site Map??)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> B that every page present links to something (like related topics and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> then to the navbar level topics??)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> C Sanity and brevity need to be watch words for the page names (hint
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> if the name of the page is more than 10% of the content of the page
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> something is wrong)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Robert L Martin
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Just trying to be a Voice Of Reason
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090520/03f0fe04/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090520/03f0fe04/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006567.html">[Opensim-dev] Navigating the Wiki
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="006568.html">[Opensim-dev] Navigating the Wiki
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6571">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6571">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6571">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6571">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
