<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3C4A22B0A3.1000901%40streamsense.net%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="006685.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="006686.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion</H1>
    <B>Thomas Grimshaw</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3C4A22B0A3.1000901%40streamsense.net%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion">tom at streamsense.net
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun May 31 18:30:27 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006685.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="006686.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6693">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6693">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6693">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6693">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hey,

Personally I would say that the way to approach &quot;clearing the mantis&quot; 
would be... not clearing the mantis :P

Rather, get someone to go through each ticket and jot down a summary of 
each; then you'll end up with a list of stuff that needs fixing (or 
changing, or adding). The core devs can then hold a meeting with a view 
to re-order the list based on their percieved priority, and then publish 
it as a list of short term goals.

~T


James Stallings II wrote:
&gt;<i> I think its a great tone Stefan :D
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I think that even failing to accomplish the goals of such an effort 
</I>&gt;<i> would produce much benefit for the project.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Sign me up :)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> *sharpens mantis pencils*
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 8:43 AM, Stefan Andersson 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     Again, this would be entirely by agreement - anybody not wishing
</I>&gt;<i>     to do bug fixing can do whatever they like, but I do think even
</I>&gt;<i>     core devs get a kick out of bugfixing now and then, and adding
</I>&gt;<i>     stuff like those pesky last lsl commands.
</I>&gt;<i>      
</I>&gt;<i>     Regarding the mantis, there are several things that can be done;
</I>&gt;<i>     and what I was _really_ thinking was that &quot;clearing&quot; would mean
</I>&gt;<i>     &quot;getting organized&quot;
</I>&gt;<i>      
</I>&gt;<i>     If we can rally users and testers to help with the mantis, there
</I>&gt;<i>     are a number of things that can be done;
</I>&gt;<i>     1) De-duplicate
</I>&gt;<i>     2) Place mantis is &quot;feature&quot; vs &quot;bug&quot; - I did say &quot;feature freeze&quot;
</I>&gt;<i>     and this is roughly what I meant - the feature mantises would
</I>&gt;<i>     linger, but would not be part of this endeavour
</I>&gt;<i>     3) Off major feature bugs onto the feature voting site
</I>&gt;<i>     4) Re-reproduce and close of non-reproducible
</I>&gt;<i>     5) Place major issues (that would require major restructuring) in
</I>&gt;<i>     a &quot;post 0.7.0&quot; category
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     This way, we could &quot;clear&quot; mantis, as in getting to a point where
</I>&gt;<i>     all issues with the current feature set is fixed or closed.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     Again, only striving to set a tone.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i>     Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>      
</I>&gt;<i>     ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i>     Date: Sun, 31 May 2009 06:34:36 -0700
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>     To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>     Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     I can agree with that, if everyone else agrees i have no problem
</I>&gt;<i>     with it, I would just hate for anyone to think that we are locking
</I>&gt;<i>     things up and they wont have our support.  And mostly i was more
</I>&gt;<i>     concerned with trying to clear mantis, that seams a bit
</I>&gt;<i>     unrealistic, as a good portion of fixing the mantis probably rely
</I>&gt;<i>     on us instituting many feature requests.  It kind of goes against
</I>&gt;<i>     the whole premise of freezing up feature requests.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:29 AM, Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>         Wise from experience, I would never propose anything as
</I>&gt;<i>         preposterous as to tell any core dev to do anything.
</I>&gt;<i>          
</I>&gt;<i>         But if a substantial part of core devs and the patching
</I>&gt;<i>         community think it's a good idea and can be swayed to rally
</I>&gt;<i>         for it, I think we can see some really extraordinary measures
</I>&gt;<i>         that would make us all look pretty god damn good.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>         And hell, I stated it would be ambitious. Aim for the stars,
</I>&gt;<i>         hit the treetops, you know.
</I>&gt;<i>          
</I>&gt;<i>         Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i>         Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>          
</I>&gt;<i>         ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i>         Date: Sun, 31 May 2009 06:24:51 -0700
</I>&gt;<i>         From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>         To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>         &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>         Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>         Have you even looked at mantis??? there are 728 open tickets,
</I>&gt;<i>         chances are if we clear mantis, we will have OpenSimulator
</I>&gt;<i>         1.0.. I personally don't see this as feasible, this is to me
</I>&gt;<i>         looks like us trying to control what all the developers are
</I>&gt;<i>         doing, and I have to -1 this idea as it would probably make
</I>&gt;<i>         most devs just stop working.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>         Neb
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>         On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:20 AM, Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i>         &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>             I do believe we're all feeling the advent of 0.7 - a
</I>&gt;<i>             milestone in any open source project.
</I>&gt;<i>              
</I>&gt;<i>             Here's a crazy idea for you; how about we agree to freeze
</I>&gt;<i>             feature set and major architecture as of now, and
</I>&gt;<i>             concentrate on only:
</I>&gt;<i>              
</I>&gt;<i>             * Finalizing the backend restructuring
</I>&gt;<i>             * Clear mantis (hell, let's CLEAR mantis! how's that for
</I>&gt;<i>             ambitious?)
</I>&gt;<i>             * Write unit tests
</I>&gt;<i>              
</I>&gt;<i>             until the cows come home, and tag the cow homecoming
</I>&gt;<i>             rev as 0.7? Or, say, 1st of aug happens, and we'll tag
</I>&gt;<i>             0.6.7 then instead. ;)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>             I believe this kind of solidified 0.7 would give us all a
</I>&gt;<i>             breather, help us recoup, and then we can all go back to
</I>&gt;<i>             fiddling with our various dev projects again.
</I>&gt;<i>              
</I>&gt;<i>             What you say?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>             Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i>             Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>             _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>             Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>             <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i>             &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>             <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>         -- 
</I>&gt;<i>         Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>         &lt;<A HREF="http://osgrid.org/">http://osgrid.org/</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>         _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>         Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>         <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>         <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     -- 
</I>&gt;<i>     Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>     &lt;<A HREF="http://osgrid.org/">http://osgrid.org/</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>     Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> -- 
</I>&gt;<i> ===================================
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://del.icio.us/SPQR">http://del.icio.us/SPQR</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/jstallings2">http://twitter.com/jstallings2</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49">http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49</A>
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>   
</I>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006685.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="006686.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6693">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6693">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6693">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6693">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
