<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3CBLU134-W2039E1F6E72AF73FBA7E34D54F0%40phx.gbl%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="006683.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="006685.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion</H1>
    <B>Stefan Andersson</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3CBLU134-W2039E1F6E72AF73FBA7E34D54F0%40phx.gbl%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion">stefan at tribalmedia.se
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun May 31 15:43:40 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006683.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="006685.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6684">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6684">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6684">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6684">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>
Again, this would be entirely by agreement - anybody not wishing to do bug fixing can do whatever they like, but I do think even core devs get a kick out of bugfixing now and then, and adding stuff like those pesky last lsl commands.

 

Regarding the mantis, there are several things that can be done; and what I was _really_ thinking was that &quot;clearing&quot; would mean &quot;getting organized&quot;

 

If we can rally users and testers to help with the mantis, there are a number of things that can be done;

1) De-duplicate

2) Place mantis is &quot;feature&quot; vs &quot;bug&quot; - I did say &quot;feature freeze&quot; and this is roughly what I meant - the feature mantises would linger, but would not be part of this endeavour

3) Off major feature bugs onto the feature voting site

4) Re-reproduce and close of non-reproducible

5) Place major issues (that would require major restructuring) in a &quot;post 0.7.0&quot; category


This way, we could &quot;clear&quot; mantis, as in getting to a point where all issues with the current feature set is fixed or closed.


Again, only striving to set a tone.


Best regards,
Stefan Andersson



 


Date: Sun, 31 May 2009 06:34:36 -0700
From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>
To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion

I can agree with that, if everyone else agrees i have no problem with it, I would just hate for anyone to think that we are locking things up and they wont have our support.  And mostly i was more concerned with trying to clear mantis, that seams a bit unrealistic, as a good portion of fixing the mantis probably rely on us instituting many feature requests.  It kind of goes against the whole premise of freezing up feature requests.


On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:29 AM, Stefan Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt; wrote:


Wise from experience, I would never propose anything as preposterous as to tell any core dev to do anything.
 
But if a substantial part of core devs and the patching community think it's a good idea and can be swayed to rally for it, I think we can see some really extraordinary measures that would make us all look pretty god damn good.

And hell, I stated it would be ambitious. Aim for the stars, hit the treetops, you know.
 
Best regards,
Stefan Andersson



 


Date: Sun, 31 May 2009 06:24:51 -0700
From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>
To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion




Have you even looked at mantis??? there are 728 open tickets, chances are if we clear mantis, we will have OpenSimulator 1.0.. I personally don't see this as feasible, this is to me looks like us trying to control what all the developers are doing, and I have to -1 this idea as it would probably make most devs just stop working.

Neb


On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:20 AM, Stefan Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt; wrote:



I do believe we're all feeling the advent of 0.7 - a milestone in any open source project.
 
Here's a crazy idea for you; how about we agree to freeze feature set and major architecture as of now, and concentrate on only:
 
* Finalizing the backend restructuring
* Clear mantis (hell, let's CLEAR mantis! how's that for ambitious?)
* Write unit tests
 
until the cows come home, and tag the cow homecoming rev as 0.7? Or, say, 1st of aug happens, and we'll tag 0.6.7 then instead. ;)

I believe this kind of solidified 0.7 would give us all a breather, help us recoup, and then we can all go back to fiddling with our various dev projects again.
 
What you say?

Best regards,
Stefan Andersson




_______________________________________________
Opensim-dev mailing list
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>



-- 
Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>

_______________________________________________
Opensim-dev mailing list
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>



-- 
Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090531/eb3336e3/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090531/eb3336e3/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006683.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="006685.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6684">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6684">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6684">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6684">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
