<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3C4A22B476.1040704%40metaverseink.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="006710.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="006690.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion</H1>
    <B>diva at metaverseink.com</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3C4A22B476.1040704%40metaverseink.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion">diva at metaverseink.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun May 31 18:46:46 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006710.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="006690.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 21, Issue 72
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6694">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6694">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6694">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6694">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>As far as my planned contributions for the next couple of months, I'm in 
sync with Stefan's suggestion. Finishing up the backend 
refactoring/cleanup is going to be a major task, and that's what I'm 
planning to do on my time with OpenSim.

I think the task can go faster if more people help. The template for how 
to do it is already in place for the asset service. I'm now redoing the 
service formerly known as &quot;interregions&quot; under the same architectural 
style. Melanie is refactoring the User services (I think), and that is a 
BIG one -- in fact, the biggest, because it's actually many services 
that have been lumped together so far. Someone else could try do 
refactor the inventory services and the grid services?

I guess what I'm getting at is to make a plan for the refactoring that 
is somewhat more explicit than &quot;it will happen&quot;. But this being OpenSim 
I don't know if that planning will be possible :-)

Stefan Andersson wrote:
&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I do believe we're all feeling the advent of 0.7 - a milestone in any 
</I>&gt;<i> open source project.
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> Here's a crazy idea for you; how about we agree to freeze feature set 
</I>&gt;<i> and major architecture as of now, and concentrate on only:
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> * Finalizing the backend restructuring
</I>&gt;<i> * Clear mantis (hell, let's CLEAR mantis! how's that for ambitious?)
</I>&gt;<i> * Write unit tests
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> until the cows come home, and tag the cow homecoming rev as 0.7? Or, 
</I>&gt;<i> say, 1st of aug happens, and we'll tag 0.6.7 then instead. ;)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I believe this kind of solidified 0.7 would give us all a breather, help 
</I>&gt;<i> us recoup, and then we can all go back to fiddling with our various dev 
</I>&gt;<i> projects again.
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> What you say?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006710.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="006690.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 21, Issue 72
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6694">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6694">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6694">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6694">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
