<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3C170fa1780905310647l48cb5fb4ud234d49a5bca4f26%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="006684.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="006693.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion</H1>
    <B>James Stallings II</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3C170fa1780905310647l48cb5fb4ud234d49a5bca4f26%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion">james.stallings at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun May 31 15:47:25 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006684.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="006693.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6685">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6685">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6685">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6685">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I think its a great tone Stefan :D
I think that even failing to accomplish the goals of such an effort would
produce much benefit for the project.

Sign me up :)

*sharpens mantis pencils*



On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 8:43 AM, Stefan Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt;wrote:

&gt;<i>  Again, this would be entirely by agreement - anybody not wishing to do bug
</I>&gt;<i> fixing can do whatever they like, but I do think even core devs get a kick
</I>&gt;<i> out of bugfixing now and then, and adding stuff like those pesky last lsl
</I>&gt;<i> commands.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Regarding the mantis, there are several things that can be done; and what I
</I>&gt;<i> was _really_ thinking was that &quot;clearing&quot; would mean &quot;getting organized&quot;
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> If we can rally users and testers to help with the mantis, there are a
</I>&gt;<i> number of things that can be done;
</I>&gt;<i> 1) De-duplicate
</I>&gt;<i> 2) Place mantis is &quot;feature&quot; vs &quot;bug&quot; - I did say &quot;feature freeze&quot; and this
</I>&gt;<i> is roughly what I meant - the feature mantises would linger, but would not
</I>&gt;<i> be part of this endeavour
</I>&gt;<i> 3) Off major feature bugs onto the feature voting site
</I>&gt;<i> 4) Re-reproduce and close of non-reproducible
</I>&gt;<i> 5) Place major issues (that would require major restructuring) in a &quot;post
</I>&gt;<i> 0.7.0&quot; category
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> This way, we could &quot;clear&quot; mantis, as in getting to a point where
</I>&gt;<i> all issues with the current feature set is fixed or closed.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Again, only striving to set a tone.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> Date: Sun, 31 May 2009 06:34:36 -0700
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I can agree with that, if everyone else agrees i have no problem with it, I
</I>&gt;<i> would just hate for anyone to think that we are locking things up and they
</I>&gt;<i> wont have our support.  And mostly i was more concerned with trying to clear
</I>&gt;<i> mantis, that seams a bit unrealistic, as a good portion of fixing the mantis
</I>&gt;<i> probably rely on us instituting many feature requests.  It kind of goes
</I>&gt;<i> against the whole premise of freezing up feature requests.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:29 AM, Stefan Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt;wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Wise from experience, I would never propose anything as preposterous as to
</I>&gt;<i> tell any core dev to do anything.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> But if a substantial part of core devs and the patching community think
</I>&gt;<i> it's a good idea and can be swayed to rally for it, I think we can see some
</I>&gt;<i> really extraordinary measures that would make us all look pretty god damn
</I>&gt;<i> good.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> And hell, I stated it would be ambitious. Aim for the stars, hit the
</I>&gt;<i> treetops, you know.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> Date: Sun, 31 May 2009 06:24:51 -0700
</I>&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Have you even looked at mantis??? there are 728 open tickets, chances are
</I>&gt;<i> if we clear mantis, we will have OpenSimulator 1.0.. I personally don't see
</I>&gt;<i> this as feasible, this is to me looks like us trying to control what all the
</I>&gt;<i> developers are doing, and I have to -1 this idea as it would probably make
</I>&gt;<i> most devs just stop working.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Neb
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:20 AM, Stefan Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt;wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I do believe we're all feeling the advent of 0.7 - a milestone in any open
</I>&gt;<i> source project.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Here's a crazy idea for you; how about we agree to freeze feature set and
</I>&gt;<i> major architecture as of now, and concentrate on only:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> * Finalizing the backend restructuring
</I>&gt;<i> * Clear mantis (hell, let's CLEAR mantis! how's that for ambitious?)
</I>&gt;<i> * Write unit tests
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> until the cows come home, and tag the cow homecoming rev as 0.7? Or, say,
</I>&gt;<i> 1st of aug happens, and we'll tag 0.6.7 then instead. ;)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I believe this kind of solidified 0.7 would give us all a breather, help us
</I>&gt;<i> recoup, and then we can all go back to fiddling with our various dev
</I>&gt;<i> projects again.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> What you say?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>

-- 
===================================
<A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
<A HREF="http://del.icio.us/SPQR">http://del.icio.us/SPQR</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/jstallings2">http://twitter.com/jstallings2</A>
<A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49">http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49</A>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090531/20965776/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090531/20965776/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006684.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="006693.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6685">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6685">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6685">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6685">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
