<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-May/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3C6b9359640905311439i39c719c0q6f2e2b4664afc894%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="006703.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="006694.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion</H1>
    <B>Kyle Hamilton</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3C6b9359640905311439i39c719c0q6f2e2b4664afc894%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion">aerowolf at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun May 31 23:39:48 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006703.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="006694.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6710">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6710">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6710">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6710">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Could you perhaps sort those by the assigned priority?  721 is
priority 'low', for example.

-Kyle H

On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 1:40 PM, Charles Krinke &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">cfk at pacbell.net</A>&gt; wrote:
&gt;<i> Just to pick on the &quot;Longest Open&quot; for a little bit, here they are. The last
</I>&gt;<i> column is the number of days the Mantis has been open.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> It seems to me that a Mantis open over a year is a good candidate for a
</I>&gt;<i> feature request, perhaps a 'wont fix' or even a 'we did fix and forgot to
</I>&gt;<i> close'.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> So, to avoid me unilaterally starting to close some of these, I would like
</I>&gt;<i> to call on others to look into them and I will support *any* reasonable
</I>&gt;<i> decision in getting our &quot;Longest Open&quot; to be less then 451 days old.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Charles
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 0000721 - opensim does not support https in *STANDALONE*451
</I>&gt;<i> 0000765 - Continual request of 'non existent asset'
</I>&gt;<i> c228d1cf-4b5d-4ba8-84f4-899a0796aa97444
</I>&gt;<i> 0000960 - Neighbors that start up don't display411
</I>&gt;<i> 0001054 - On teleport, child agents are not hidden, but remain visible in
</I>&gt;<i> region of origin400
</I>&gt;<i> 0001131 - Physical prims pushed off edge of region roll to infinity392
</I>&gt;<i> 0001147 - Doing shift-drag-copy linked non-phantom prims produces phantom
</I>&gt;<i> copies390
</I>&gt;<i> 0001149 - Doing shift-drag-copy linked prims produces a new center point390
</I>&gt;<i> 0001176 - &quot;Already logged in&quot; message on first connect attempt388
</I>&gt;<i> 0001184 - Day Cycle Editor settings not remembered for sim388
</I>&gt;<i> 0001209 - There are currently no constraints on link set size or prim
</I>&gt;<i> count.387
</I>&gt;<i> 0001211 - Individually set Phantom flag for prims in a linkset387
</I>&gt;<i> 0001217 - Edited child prims in linksets revert and don't save as changed387
</I>&gt;<i> 0001229 - Avatar sometimes remains with selection after right-clicking an
</I>&gt;<i> object385
</I>&gt;<i> 0001244 - Prim permissions lost while in-world384
</I>&gt;<i> 0001317 - r4746 - client does not get or display &quot;inventory timeout&quot; message
</I>&gt;<i> from region377
</I>&gt;<i> 0001332 - Taking groups of objects not implemented376
</I>&gt;<i> 0001342 - sitting pose is not correct when sitting on a box375
</I>&gt;<i> 0001343 - sitting pose is not correct when sitting on the rotated
</I>&gt;<i> cylinder375
</I>&gt;<i> 0001344 - simulator can't provide service and system cpu 100%375
</I>&gt;<i> 0001347 - Client gets flooded upon logon and lag increased in sims375
</I>&gt;<i> 0001366 - sitting facing to the hill when sitting on tali ground373
</I>&gt;<i> 0001373 - Logouts/Dropoffs not properly registered at both User Server and
</I>&gt;<i> Region server373
</I>&gt;<i> 0001379 - terrain load wildcard effect without using change regions first371
</I>&gt;<i> 0001397 - Prims out of FOV should not be rendered client-side369
</I>&gt;<i> 0001415 - llTargetOmega stops working from time to time
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> ________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> From: Charles Krinke &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">cfk at pacbell.net</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Sent: Sunday, May 31, 2009 1:29:10 PM
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> No problem, man.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> As I look at two other parts of the Mantis Summary page, both the &quot;Longest
</I>&gt;<i> Open&quot; and the &quot;Most Active&quot; jump out at me.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> So, ... I would suggest that if we were to concentrate on resolving/closing
</I>&gt;<i> some of the &quot;Longest Open&quot; and &quot;Most Active&quot; that we have a way to move
</I>&gt;<i> forward in a more or less logical fashion.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Charles
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> ________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> From: Nebadon Izumi &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Sent: Sunday, May 31, 2009 1:26:10 PM
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I stand corrected, I went back and you are correct, i only had closed
</I>&gt;<i> filtered out and not the &quot;resolved&quot; issues, hence the inflated count. sorry
</I>&gt;<i> about that.&#160; I think all of these ideas are great, sorry to be the stickler
</I>&gt;<i> in the mud, but I'd rather everyone beat up on me now while were discussing
</I>&gt;<i> it than after the fact, so thanks everyone for comments, very good ideas.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 1:12 PM, Charles Krinke &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">cfk at pacbell.net</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> It pains me to disagree with you, Nebadon, but when I look at the summary
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> page on our Mantis this morning, I see 247 open Mantis issues. This actually
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> is an admirable goal and I would think clearing as many of these as possible
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> over the next month is an admirable goal. Like all goals, we always can
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> declare success when it &quot;feels&quot; right and thats my wriggle room.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Charles
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> From: Nebadon Izumi &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Sent: Sunday, May 31, 2009 6:34:36 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I can agree with that, if everyone else agrees i have no problem with it,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I would just hate for anyone to think that we are locking things up and they
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> wont have our support.&#160; And mostly i was more concerned with trying to clear
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> mantis, that seams a bit unrealistic, as a good portion of fixing the mantis
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> probably rely on us instituting many feature requests.&#160; It kind of goes
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> against the whole premise of freezing up feature requests.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:29 AM, Stefan Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Wise from experience, I&#160;would never propose anything as preposterous as
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to tell any core dev to do&#160;anything.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> But if a substantial part of core devs and the patching community think
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> it's a good idea and can be swayed to rally for it, I think we can see some
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> really extraordinary measures that would make&#160;us all look pretty god damn
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> good.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> And hell, I&#160;stated it would be&#160;ambitious.&#160;Aim for the stars, hit the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> treetops, you know.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Date: Sun, 31 May 2009 06:24:51 -0700
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Have you even looked at mantis??? there are 728 open tickets, chances are
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> if we clear mantis, we will have OpenSimulator 1.0.. I personally don't see
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> this as feasible, this is to me looks like us trying to control what all the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> developers are doing, and I have to -1 this idea as it would probably make
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> most devs just stop working.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Neb
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:20 AM, Stefan Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I do believe we're all feeling the advent of 0.7 - a milestone in any
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> open source project.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Here's a crazy idea for you; how about we&#160;agree to freeze feature set and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> major architecture as of now, and concentrate on only:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> * Finalizing the backend restructuring
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> * Clear mantis (hell, let's&#160;CLEAR mantis! how's that for ambitious?)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> * Write&#160;unit tests
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> until the&#160;cows come home, and tag the cow homecoming rev&#160;as 0.7? Or, say,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 1st of aug happens, and we'll tag 0.6.7 then instead. ;)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I believe this kind of solidified 0.7 would give us all a breather, help
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> us recoup, and then we can all go back to fiddling with our various dev
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> projects again.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> What you say?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org/">http://osgrid.org/</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006703.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="006694.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6710">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6710">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6710">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6710">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
