<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-March/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20on%20to%200.7&In-Reply-To=%3C4BAC070A.1070404%40t-data.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008517.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008520.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7</H1>
    <B>Melanie</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20on%20to%200.7&In-Reply-To=%3C4BAC070A.1070404%40t-data.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7">melanie at t-data.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Mar 26 01:59:54 CET 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008517.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008520.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8518">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8518">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8518">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8518">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Renaming remote branches is a pain and because that branch would end
up as 0.6.9-post-fixes anyway, I named it that from the start. I had
to branch before the merge, obviously.

The idea is to use tags to denote the RCs and the actual release
version, and once it _is_ released, the name of the branch it came
from will be appropriate.

Melanie


Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
&gt;<i> Cristina Videira Lopes wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Mar 25, 2010, at 5:21 PM, Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> In fact, tomorrow I intend to crank out a 0.6.9 release candidate.  I 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> don't see that release process taking less than 3 weeks due to limited 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> time on my end.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> oh. If that is your timing for 0.6.9, then I suggest to skip it and 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> invest our efforts directly in 0.7. May take more than 3 weeks, but 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> there's no point in pursuing 2 releases more or less in parallel; I 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> think we are ready to start the tagging process for 0.7 very soon, hence 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> this thread to gather input in order to make a plan of action.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> That was actually my original thinking a couple of months ago so I was a little surprised that 0.6.9-post-fixes was branched.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> But with things going slower on master I've now mentally invested myself in 0.6.9 so I would like to go ahead with it.  I don't think that it will take too much effort since few configuration details changed since 0.6.8.  And since 0.6.8 was released back in December it would be good to give people a stepping stone between relatively recent code and that which follows presence-refactor.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - GridUser service in place, replacing the home info storage that is 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> currently done awkwardly by the presence service
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Estate owner feature restored, as a replacement of Master Avatar
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Assorted DB migration issues fleshed out and fixed (several mantis)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Remote Admin bugs fixed (#4603)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Fix #4622
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I would add Mantis #4613 where it looks like the presence-refactor 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> broke IAR load/save.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> And as ever, I would add reasonable documentation to that list for 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> both standalone and grid modes.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -- 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008517.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008520.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8518">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8518">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8518">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8518">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
