<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-March/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20on%20to%200.7&In-Reply-To=%3Cf5f722b91003291644m721be57cl1b132e1c48cd2341%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008512.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008535.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7</H1>
    <B>Mark Malewski</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20on%20to%200.7&In-Reply-To=%3Cf5f722b91003291644m721be57cl1b132e1c48cd2341%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7">mark.malewski at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Mar 30 01:44:40 CEST 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008512.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008535.html">[Opensim-dev] Any good stress/test suites around for sims?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8529">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8529">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8529">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8529">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>*&gt; A working release version would really be good when*
*&gt; the standard modules that used to work in 0.6.8 would*
*&gt; work again. .....*

Right, but wouldn't it make more sense to skip 0.6.9, and just focus on 0.7
and focus on getting the modules to work with 0.7 (since 0.6.9 will be
deprecated as soon as 0.7 is released), so wouldn't it make much more sense
to just focus our efforts on 0.7?

Or can we just break up into two teams (a 0.6.9 team, and a 0.7 team?)
 Jason can lead the 0.6.9 team, and Diva can lead the 0.7 team?

Personally, I'd prefer to focus my efforts on documentation and bug
testing/reporting for the upcoming 0.7 release.  I don't want to waste too
much time on 0.6.9 (since the documentation is almost the same) and I'd
really like to begin working on documentation and tutorials (and a User
Guide) for the upcoming 0.7 release and 3+ additional weeks of time is quite
a bit (since I have a very busy schedule as well, and 3 additional weeks to
work on the 0.7 candidate would be VERY helpful to me personally).  So could
we please post a 0.7-pre.rc1 binary, so that those wanting to work on
documentation and testing for 0.7 RC can at least start?




On Thu, Mar 25, 2010 at 4:05 PM, Fly Man &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fly.man.opensim at gmail.com</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> Hello all,
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I think I can mention about 4 Manti that definitly are worth and in need of
</I>&gt;<i> being helped before 0.7:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> #3522:* *After login sometimes the avatar is in over 10 kilometers height
</I>&gt;<i> and looks to the stars
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> #4405 &lt;<A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4405">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4405</A>&gt;: Even if object
</I>&gt;<i> was attached to avatar, the attachment of the object comes off by next
</I>&gt;<i> login.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> #4561: Set Home makes the users table show random values
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> #2549: Avatars always login into T pose
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I still see some MRM patches that Adam would need to validate, so I won't
</I>&gt;<i> argue about those.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> BUT:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> A working release version would really be good when the standard modules
</I>&gt;<i> that used to work in 0.6.8 would work again. .....
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Fly Man
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 2010/3/25 &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Hi all,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I would like to try to make a list of things that need to happen for 0.7
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> to be tagged. Here's the start. Please add things that you think are
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> missing. Note that this is not about fixing all problems with OpenSim, it's
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> about tagging 0.7 as a relatively stable release, which will then allow all
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> downstream projects to adapt to the new architecture and DB schema.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - GridUser service in place, replacing the home info storage that is
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> currently done awkwardly by the presence service
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Estate owner feature restored, as a replacement of Master Avatar
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Assorted DB migration issues fleshed out and fixed (several mantis)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Remote Admin bugs fixed (#4603)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Fix #4622
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20100329/9adc6369/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20100329/9adc6369/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008512.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008535.html">[Opensim-dev] Any good stress/test suites around for sims?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8529">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8529">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8529">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8529">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
