<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-March/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20on%20to%200.7&In-Reply-To=%3Ca1e4bd2f1003300350m732e792diec9d039bd05693cb%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008540.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008513.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7</H1>
    <B>Fly Man</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20on%20to%200.7&In-Reply-To=%3Ca1e4bd2f1003300350m732e792diec9d039bd05693cb%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7">fly.man.opensim at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Mar 30 12:50:29 CEST 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008540.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008513.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8542">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8542">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8542">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8542">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Mark, Others,

When something doesn't work in 0.6.9, it's definitly not going to be working
in 0.7.

I am one of the maintainers for the OpenSim.Search, Opensim.Profle and
OpenSim.FakeCurrency at this moment.

Both Search and Profile work with the latest 0.7 ( with many adjustments at
my side) but there's a lot of tweaking that needs to be done for the
FakeCurrency in order to get things working.

There's 2 ways that I can incorporate FakeCurrency back into the 0.7:

1. Abandon it as the whole Core community sees no use for it

2. Try to recreate the whole module that it will be run as a seperate
process next to the ROBUST so when people really want to use it, it doesn't
interfere with the Core functions.

BUT:

In order to get to the 2, the Core needs to realise that parts of the
currency implementation were killed when moving around tables and removing
pieces of code.

I'd like to have a working implementation as a POC (Proof of Concept) where
other people can extend to it but as of this moment, not even a single
person took the liberty or time to have a conversation about how we can
solve this.

Note for developers: You threw out something that's embedded in many pieces
of the original code, even groups uses some of these parts.

So, in conclusion: Currency wasn't seen as a Core priority and has been
removed from the Core as it's too dangerous.

However, I think Currency is one of the key pieces in some of the code parts
(Groups/Search/Profile) that definitly needs more love then it's getting at
this moment.

Fly

2010/3/30 Mark Malewski &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">mark.malewski at gmail.com</A>&gt;

&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> *&gt; A working release version would really be good when*
</I>&gt;<i> *&gt; the standard modules that used to work in 0.6.8 would*
</I>&gt;<i> *&gt; work again. .....*
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Right, but wouldn't it make more sense to skip 0.6.9, and just focus on 0.7
</I>&gt;<i> and focus on getting the modules to work with 0.7 (since 0.6.9 will be
</I>&gt;<i> deprecated as soon as 0.7 is released), so wouldn't it make much more sense
</I>&gt;<i> to just focus our efforts on 0.7?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Or can we just break up into two teams (a 0.6.9 team, and a 0.7 team?)
</I>&gt;<i>  Jason can lead the 0.6.9 team, and Diva can lead the 0.7 team?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Personally, I'd prefer to focus my efforts on documentation and bug
</I>&gt;<i> testing/reporting for the upcoming 0.7 release.  I don't want to waste too
</I>&gt;<i> much time on 0.6.9 (since the documentation is almost the same) and I'd
</I>&gt;<i> really like to begin working on documentation and tutorials (and a User
</I>&gt;<i> Guide) for the upcoming 0.7 release and 3+ additional weeks of time is quite
</I>&gt;<i> a bit (since I have a very busy schedule as well, and 3 additional weeks to
</I>&gt;<i> work on the 0.7 candidate would be VERY helpful to me personally).  So could
</I>&gt;<i> we please post a 0.7-pre.rc1 binary, so that those wanting to work on
</I>&gt;<i> documentation and testing for 0.7 RC can at least start?
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Thu, Mar 25, 2010 at 4:05 PM, Fly Man &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fly.man.opensim at gmail.com</A>&gt;wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hello all,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I think I can mention about 4 Manti that definitly are worth and in need
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> of being helped before 0.7:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> #3522:* *After login sometimes the avatar is in over 10 kilometers height
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> and looks to the stars
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> #4405 &lt;<A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4405">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4405</A>&gt;: Even if object
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> was attached to avatar, the attachment of the object comes off by next
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> login.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> #4561: Set Home makes the users table show random values
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> #2549: Avatars always login into T pose
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I still see some MRM patches that Adam would need to validate, so I won't
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> argue about those.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> BUT:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> A working release version would really be good when the standard modules
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> that used to work in 0.6.8 would work again. .....
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Fly Man
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> 2010/3/25 &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi all,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I would like to try to make a list of things that need to happen for 0.7
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to be tagged. Here's the start. Please add things that you think are
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> missing. Note that this is not about fixing all problems with OpenSim, it's
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> about tagging 0.7 as a relatively stable release, which will then allow all
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> downstream projects to adapt to the new architecture and DB schema.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - GridUser service in place, replacing the home info storage that is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> currently done awkwardly by the presence service
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Estate owner feature restored, as a replacement of Master Avatar
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Assorted DB migration issues fleshed out and fixed (several mantis)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Remote Admin bugs fixed (#4603)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - Fix #4622
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20100330/1db9d3e1/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20100330/1db9d3e1/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008540.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008513.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8542">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8542">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8542">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8542">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
