<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-March/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20on%20to%200.7&In-Reply-To=%3C807B6564-40F1-4D70-83B0-26D14043DF9E%40gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008534.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008542.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7</H1>
    <B>Pierre Lhoste</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20on%20to%200.7&In-Reply-To=%3C807B6564-40F1-4D70-83B0-26D14043DF9E%40gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7">peter.cathbad.host at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Mar 30 11:10:44 CEST 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008534.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008542.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8540">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8540">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8540">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8540">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>0.7 sure will be a milestone, and needs time to be operational. 3rd party service development &amp; integration is going to boost the platform. And the fact that you can build shells of services opens some very interesting prospects. Especially in terms of scalability &amp; load balancing. This is all VERY exciting.

As for the new website : way to go ! The design is beautiful and has a very professional and &quot;Mac/Xbox/...(your favorite graphical visual environment here)&quot; feel to it, which in my opinion can really make the difference for newcomers on the threshold of a decision, especially as comes to a graphics oriented platform. 


On Mar 30, 2010, at 5:14 AM, <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> wrote:

&gt;<i> It's ok to do 0.6.9. I wish Justin had more cycles to do it faster, but hey, that's life.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> The plan for 0.7 is here:
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/0.7_Planning">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/0.7_Planning</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> The plan for documentation overhaul is still emerging, but I think I want to do the new documentation in the upcoming drupal-based opensim web site that Melanie and Adam have been cooking:
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://beta.opensimulator.org/">http://beta.opensimulator.org/</A>
</I>&gt;<i> As I said before, I'll need help with content, but I'm planning to make the skeleton.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Mark Malewski wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> */&gt; A working release version would really be good when/*
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> */&gt; the */standard modules that used to work in 0.6.8 would/*/*
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> */*/&gt; work */again. ...../*/*/*
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Right, but wouldn't it make more sense to skip 0.6.9, and just focus on 0.7 and focus on getting the modules to work with 0.7 (since 0.6.9 will be deprecated as soon as 0.7 is released), so wouldn't it make much more sense to just focus our efforts on 0.7?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Or can we just break up into two teams (a 0.6.9 team, and a 0.7 team?)  Jason can lead the 0.6.9 team, and Diva can lead the 0.7 team?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Personally, I'd prefer to focus my efforts on documentation and bug testing/reporting for the upcoming 0.7 release.  I don't want to waste too much time on 0.6.9 (since the documentation is almost the same) and I'd really like to begin working on documentation and tutorials (and a User Guide) for the upcoming 0.7 release and 3+ additional weeks of time is quite a bit (since I have a very busy schedule as well, and 3 additional weeks to work on the 0.7 candidate would be VERY helpful to me personally).  So could we please post a 0.7-pre.rc1 binary, so that those wanting to work on documentation and testing for 0.7 RC can at least start? On Thu, Mar 25, 2010 at 4:05 PM, Fly Man &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fly.man.opensim at gmail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fly.man.opensim at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    Hello all,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    I think I can mention about 4 Manti that definitly are worth and in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    need of being helped before 0.7:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    #3522:_ _After login sometimes the avatar is in over 10 kilometers
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    height and looks to the stars
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    #4405 &lt;<A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4405">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4405</A>&gt;: Even if
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    object was attached to avatar, the attachment of the object comes
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    off by next login.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    #4561: Set Home makes the users table show random values
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    #2549: Avatars always login into T pose
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    I still see some MRM patches that Adam would need to validate, so I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    won't argue about those.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    BUT:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    A working release version would really be good when the standard
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    modules that used to work in 0.6.8 would work again. .....
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    Fly Man
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    2010/3/25 &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        Hi all,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        I would like to try to make a list of things that need to happen
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        for 0.7 to be tagged. Here's the start. Please add things that
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        you think are missing. Note that this is not about fixing all
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        problems with OpenSim, it's about tagging 0.7 as a relatively
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        stable release, which will then allow all downstream projects to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        adapt to the new architecture and DB schema.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        - GridUser service in place, replacing the home info storage
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        that is currently done awkwardly by the presence service
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        - Estate owner feature restored, as a replacement of Master Avatar
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        - Assorted DB migration issues fleshed out and fixed (several
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        mantis)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        - Remote Admin bugs fixed (#4603)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        - Fix #4622
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>        <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>    <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008534.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008542.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8540">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8540">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8540">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8540">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
