<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-March/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20on%20to%200.7&In-Reply-To=%3C4BB16C94.7020807%40metaverseink.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008544.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008540.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7</H1>
    <B>diva at metaverseink.com</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20on%20to%200.7&In-Reply-To=%3C4BB16C94.7020807%40metaverseink.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7">diva at metaverseink.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Mar 30 05:14:28 CEST 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008544.html">[Opensim-dev] Any good stress/test suites around for sims?
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008540.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8534">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8534">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8534">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8534">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>It's ok to do 0.6.9. I wish Justin had more cycles to do it faster, but 
hey, that's life.

The plan for 0.7 is here:
<A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/0.7_Planning">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/0.7_Planning</A>

The plan for documentation overhaul is still emerging, but I think I 
want to do the new documentation in the upcoming drupal-based opensim 
web site that Melanie and Adam have been cooking:
<A HREF="http://beta.opensimulator.org/">http://beta.opensimulator.org/</A>
As I said before, I'll need help with content, but I'm planning to make 
the skeleton.

Mark Malewski wrote:
&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> */&gt; A working release version would really be good when/*
</I>&gt;<i> */&gt; the */standard modules that used to work in 0.6.8 would/*/*
</I>&gt;<i> */*/&gt; work */again. ...../*/*/*
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Right, but wouldn't it make more sense to skip 0.6.9, and just focus on 
</I>&gt;<i> 0.7 and focus on getting the modules to work with 0.7 (since 0.6.9 will 
</I>&gt;<i> be deprecated as soon as 0.7 is released), so wouldn't it make much more 
</I>&gt;<i> sense to just focus our efforts on 0.7?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Or can we just break up into two teams (a 0.6.9 team, and a 0.7 team?) 
</I>&gt;<i>  Jason can lead the 0.6.9 team, and Diva can lead the 0.7 team?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Personally, I'd prefer to focus my efforts on documentation and bug 
</I>&gt;<i> testing/reporting for the upcoming 0.7 release.  I don't want to waste 
</I>&gt;<i> too much time on 0.6.9 (since the documentation is almost the same) and 
</I>&gt;<i> I'd really like to begin working on documentation and tutorials (and a 
</I>&gt;<i> User Guide) for the upcoming 0.7 release and 3+ additional weeks of time 
</I>&gt;<i> is quite a bit (since I have a very busy schedule as well, and 3 
</I>&gt;<i> additional weeks to work on the 0.7 candidate would be VERY helpful to 
</I>&gt;<i> me personally).  So could we please post a 0.7-pre.rc1 binary, so that 
</I>&gt;<i> those wanting to work on documentation and testing for 0.7 RC can at 
</I>&gt;<i> least start? 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Thu, Mar 25, 2010 at 4:05 PM, Fly Man &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fly.man.opensim at gmail.com</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">fly.man.opensim at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Hello all,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     I think I can mention about 4 Manti that definitly are worth and in
</I>&gt;<i>     need of being helped before 0.7:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     #3522:_ _After login sometimes the avatar is in over 10 kilometers
</I>&gt;<i>     height and looks to the stars
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     #4405 &lt;<A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4405">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=4405</A>&gt;: Even if
</I>&gt;<i>     object was attached to avatar, the attachment of the object comes
</I>&gt;<i>     off by next login.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     #4561: Set Home makes the users table show random values
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     #2549: Avatars always login into T pose
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     I still see some MRM patches that Adam would need to validate, so I
</I>&gt;<i>     won't argue about those.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     BUT:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     A working release version would really be good when the standard
</I>&gt;<i>     modules that used to work in 0.6.8 would work again. .....
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     Fly Man
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     2010/3/25 &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>         Hi all,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>         I would like to try to make a list of things that need to happen
</I>&gt;<i>         for 0.7 to be tagged. Here's the start. Please add things that
</I>&gt;<i>         you think are missing. Note that this is not about fixing all
</I>&gt;<i>         problems with OpenSim, it's about tagging 0.7 as a relatively
</I>&gt;<i>         stable release, which will then allow all downstream projects to
</I>&gt;<i>         adapt to the new architecture and DB schema.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>         - GridUser service in place, replacing the home info storage
</I>&gt;<i>         that is currently done awkwardly by the presence service
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>         - Estate owner feature restored, as a replacement of Master Avatar
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>         - Assorted DB migration issues fleshed out and fixed (several
</I>&gt;<i>         mantis)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>         - Remote Admin bugs fixed (#4603)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>         - Fix #4622
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>         _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>         Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>         <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>         <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>     Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008544.html">[Opensim-dev] Any good stress/test suites around for sims?
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008540.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8534">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8534">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8534">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8534">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
