<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev March 2010 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>March 2010 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Mon Mar  1 03:32:31 CET 2010</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Wed Mar 31 22:09:44 CEST 2010</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 96<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="008449.html">[Opensim-dev] drupal for opensim
</A><A NAME="8449">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ssm2017
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008450.html">[Opensim-dev] Fwd: HyperGrids -- connecting virtual worlds for	OpenSim and web arch
</A><A NAME="8450">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008451.html">[Opensim-dev] Fwd: HyperGrids -- connecting virtual worlds for OpenSim and web arch
</A><A NAME="8451">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008452.html">[Opensim-dev] Virtual Lectures
</A><A NAME="8452">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nilushi perera
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008453.html">[Opensim-dev] merge has happened
</A><A NAME="8453">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008454.html">[Opensim-dev] merge has happened
</A><A NAME="8454">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008455.html">[Opensim-dev] Virtual Lectures
</A><A NAME="8455">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Volker G&#228;ssler
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008456.html">[Opensim-dev] merge has happened
</A><A NAME="8456">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008457.html">[Opensim-dev] Steps for transition to Opensim
</A><A NAME="8457">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ramesh Ramloll
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008458.html">[Opensim-dev] merge has happened
</A><A NAME="8458">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008459.html">[Opensim-dev] merge has happened
</A><A NAME="8459">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008460.html">[Opensim-dev] Broken Modules after presence-refactor merge into	trunk
</A><A NAME="8460">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008461.html">[Opensim-dev] Communcation between projects
</A><A NAME="8461">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008462.html">[Opensim-dev] Profiles and search
</A><A NAME="8462">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008463.html">[Opensim-dev] Virtual Lectures
</A><A NAME="8463">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008464.html">[Opensim-dev] merge has happened
</A><A NAME="8464">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008465.html">[Opensim-dev] merge has happened
</A><A NAME="8465">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008473.html">[Opensim-dev] Broken Modules after presence-refactor merge into trunk
</A><A NAME="8473">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008466.html">[Opensim-dev] What server side changes will be needed for SL	Viewer 2.x?
</A><A NAME="8466">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah Shenzhou
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008467.html">[Opensim-dev] What server side changes will be needed for SL	Viewer 2.x?
</A><A NAME="8467">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008468.html">[Opensim-dev] head doesn't compile
</A><A NAME="8468">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008469.html">[Opensim-dev] head doesn't compile
</A><A NAME="8469">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008470.html">[Opensim-dev] [Fwd: Re:  head doesn't compile]
</A><A NAME="8470">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008471.html">[Opensim-dev] [Fwd: Re: head doesn't compile]
</A><A NAME="8471">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah Shenzhou
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008472.html">[Opensim-dev] head doesn't compile
</A><A NAME="8472">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Laurent
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008474.html">[Opensim-dev] What server side changes will be needed for SL	Viewer 2.x?
</A><A NAME="8474">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gustavo Alberto Navarro Bilbao
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008475.html">[Opensim-dev] What server side changes will be needed for SL	Viewer 2.x?
</A><A NAME="8475">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008476.html">[Opensim-dev] HELP I NEDD WEB INTERFACE FOR OPENSIM
</A><A NAME="8476">&nbsp;</A>
<I>john felipe urrego mejia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008477.html">[Opensim-dev] HELP I NEDD WEB INTERFACE FOR OPENSIM
</A><A NAME="8477">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008478.html">[Opensim-dev] opensimwi
</A><A NAME="8478">&nbsp;</A>
<I>john felipe urrego mejia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008479.html">[Opensim-dev] What server side changes will be needed for SL	Viewer 2.x?
</A><A NAME="8479">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008480.html">[Opensim-dev] opensimwi
</A><A NAME="8480">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008481.html">[Opensim-dev] What server side changes will be needed for SL	Viewer 2.x?
</A><A NAME="8481">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008482.html">[Opensim-dev] HELP I NEDD WEB INTERFACE FOR OPENSIM
</A><A NAME="8482">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ssm2017
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008483.html">[Opensim-dev] HELP I NEDD WEB INTERFACE FOR OPENSIM
</A><A NAME="8483">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008484.html">[Opensim-dev] What server side changes will be needed for SL	Viewer 2.x?
</A><A NAME="8484">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ssm2017
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008485.html">[Opensim-dev] What server side changes will be needed for SL Viewer 2.x?
</A><A NAME="8485">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bryan Derksen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008486.html">[Opensim-dev] opensimwi
</A><A NAME="8486">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008487.html">[Opensim-dev] Mailman for opensim-dev slicing up posts in	berlios.de archive
</A><A NAME="8487">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Morgaine
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008488.html">[Opensim-dev] New Web Services Front End to link to Opensim using	ROBUST
</A><A NAME="8488">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008489.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim lunch in Zurich, March 16th
</A><A NAME="8489">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Volker G&#228;ssler
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008490.html">[Opensim-dev] New Web Services Front End to link to Opensim	using ROBUST
</A><A NAME="8490">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ssm2017
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008491.html">[Opensim-dev] New Web Services Front End to link to Opensim	using ROBUST
</A><A NAME="8491">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ssm2017
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008492.html">[Opensim-dev] New Web Services Front End to link to	Opensimusing ROBUST
</A><A NAME="8492">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008493.html">[Opensim-dev] SimianGrid connectors patch
</A><A NAME="8493">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008494.html">[Opensim-dev] Sloodle with OpenSim
</A><A NAME="8494">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nilushi perera
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008496.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Usual Summer Time change for the Tuesday OpenSim office hour from 30th March 2010.
</A><A NAME="8496">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008495.html">[Opensim-dev] [Fwd: Re: [Opensim-commits] [OpenSim Git Master Repository] master branch updated. r/12443]
</A><A NAME="8495">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008497.html">[Opensim-dev] [Fwd: Re: [Opensim-commits] [OpenSim Git Master Repository] master branch updated. r/12443]
</A><A NAME="8497">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008498.html">[Opensim-dev] about the user information in 0.7 (master)
</A><A NAME="8498">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ssm2017
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008499.html">[Opensim-dev] New Web Services Front End to link to Opensim	using ROBUST
</A><A NAME="8499">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah Shenzhou
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008500.html">[Opensim-dev] about the user information in 0.7 (master)
</A><A NAME="8500">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008501.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneGraph data access refactoring
</A><A NAME="8501">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lake, Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008502.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneGraph data access refactoring
</A><A NAME="8502">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lake, Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008503.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Usual Summer Time change for the Tuesday	OpenSim office hour from 30th March 2010.
</A><A NAME="8503">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cerquoni
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008504.html">[Opensim-dev] How is region creation going to change? (was [Opensim-commits] [OpenSim Git Master Repository] master branch	updated. r/12464])
</A><A NAME="8504">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008505.html">[Opensim-dev] How is region creation going to change? (was	[Opensim-commits] [OpenSim Git Master Repository] master	branch updated. r/12464])
</A><A NAME="8505">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Malewski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008506.html">[Opensim-dev] How is region creation going to change? (was	[Opensim-commits] [OpenSim Git Master Repository] master	branch updated. r/12464])
</A><A NAME="8506">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Malewski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008507.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem building Head version
</A><A NAME="8507">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Karen Palen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008508.html">[Opensim-dev] How is region creation going to change? (was [Opensim-commits] [OpenSim Git Master Repository] master branch	updated. r/12464])
</A><A NAME="8508">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008509.html">[Opensim-dev] How is region creation going to change?	(was	[Opensim-commits] [OpenSim Git Master Repository]	master	branch updated. r/12464])
</A><A NAME="8509">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dickson, Mike (ISS Software)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008510.html">[Opensim-dev] SimianGrid, ScienceSim beta grid
</A><A NAME="8510">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008511.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8511">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008512.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8512">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008513.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8513">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008514.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8514">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008515.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8515">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008516.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8516">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008517.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8517">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008518.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8518">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008519.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem building Head version
</A><A NAME="8519">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008520.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8520">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008521.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8521">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christophe, Jean-Charles Narbonne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008522.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8522">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008523.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim 0.6.9.rc1 binary and source packages available
</A><A NAME="8523">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008524.html">[Opensim-dev] Download locations for IAR files??
</A><A NAME="8524">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008525.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim 0.6.9.rc1 binary and source packages	available
</A><A NAME="8525">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ssm2017
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008526.html">[Opensim-dev] Yearly April 1 Reminder. Don't use Trunk in	Production!
</A><A NAME="8526">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008527.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim 0.6.9.rc1 binary and source packages	available
</A><A NAME="8527">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008528.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim 0.6.9.rc1 binary and source packages	available
</A><A NAME="8528">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008529.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8529">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Malewski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008530.html">[Opensim-dev] Download locations for IAR files??
</A><A NAME="8530">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Malewski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008531.html">[Opensim-dev] Download locations for IAR files??
</A><A NAME="8531">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Karen Palen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008532.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim 0.6.9.rc1 binary and source	packages	available
</A><A NAME="8532">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008533.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim 0.6.9.rc1 binary and source	packages	available
</A><A NAME="8533">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008535.html">[Opensim-dev] Any good stress/test suites around for sims?
</A><A NAME="8535">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Serendipity Seraph
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008536.html">[Opensim-dev] Need good sources for basic avatar sets and for	terraforming files
</A><A NAME="8536">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Serendipity Seraph
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008534.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8534">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008537.html">[Opensim-dev] Need good sources for basic avatar sets and for	terraforming files
</A><A NAME="8537">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Karen Palen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008538.html">[Opensim-dev] Need good sources for basic avatar sets and for terraforming files
</A><A NAME="8538">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Serendipity Seraph
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008539.html">[Opensim-dev] Need good sources for basic avatar sets and for	terraforming files
</A><A NAME="8539">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Karen Palen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008540.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8540">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Pierre Lhoste
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008541.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim 0.6.9.rc1 binary and source packages	available
</A><A NAME="8541">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008542.html">[Opensim-dev] on to 0.7
</A><A NAME="8542">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008543.html">[Opensim-dev] Wrong copyright notice in LightShare code (was Re: [Opensim-commits] [OpenSim Git Master Repository] master branch	updated. r/12501)
</A><A NAME="8543">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="008544.html">[Opensim-dev] Any good stress/test suites around for sims?
</A><A NAME="8544">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jani Pirkola
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Wed Mar 31 22:09:44 CEST 2010</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:45 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

