<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] User services refactoring status
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-January/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20User%20services%20refactoring%20status&In-Reply-To=%3C4B4A8C1F.4030604%40metaverseink.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008224.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008216.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] User services refactoring status</H1>
    <B>diva at metaverseink.com</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20User%20services%20refactoring%20status&In-Reply-To=%3C4B4A8C1F.4030604%40metaverseink.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] User services refactoring status">diva at metaverseink.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Jan 11 03:25:35 CET 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008224.html">[Opensim-dev] User services refactoring status
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008216.html">[Opensim-dev] User services refactoring status
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8227">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8227">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8227">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8227">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Thanks, Ryan. With help from many people like yourself, we might be able 
to pull this off...

Ryan McDougall wrote:
&gt;<i> On Fri, Jan 8, 2010 at 10:16 PM,  &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> It's there, but it's scattered and incomplete, as everything else.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> One of us will have to start this effort, but there is no way that core
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> devs alone will be able to put the bulk of the documentation together.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> We can, for example, start with the Table of Contents, write the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> introductory parts, but then some volunteers will have to step up and
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I think this is definitely a start, and better than nothing. I know
</I>&gt;<i> myself, the way I teach myself a code base sometimes is to start
</I>&gt;<i> documenting it. Moreover I find it in line with an open  source
</I>&gt;<i> project that people build a skeleton for collaborative fleshing-in.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Please do go ahead with creating the skeleton as soon you have the
</I>&gt;<i> time, as this helps out down-stream projects like reX quite immensely
</I>&gt;<i> in planning and organizing their work.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> What I'd like to see:
</I>&gt;<i> 1. TOC
</I>&gt;<i> 2. Introductions to each chapter
</I>&gt;<i> 3. A sentence or two with what you want to say, and links to the relevant code
</I>&gt;<i> 4. A couple paragraphs more for the bigger bits, like the meaning
</I>&gt;<i> behind the Interfaces, or how robust works
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Basically enough of a seed to let other people come in and flesh out
</I>&gt;<i> and grow the documentation. If it's just an empty place-holder,
</I>&gt;<i> there's no purchase for the thing to grow.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> start figuring out what to write in there. Speaking for myself, I have
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> no time for both coding/testing and heavy-duty documentation. It's not
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> that I don't think documentation is not important -- it is -- it's just
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> lack of time. Writing good documentation takes as much time as writing
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> code. If someone here really wants to help the project, doesn't code but
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> writes English well... consider volunteering as a documenter! -- it's
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> fun, you get to try OpenSim in all sorts of modes, so that you know how
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> it works and what to write, and you also get to pick on core devs'
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> brains. I know for a fact that many of you here are already advanced
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> enough in OpenSim configuration and testing that you could do this very
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> effectively...
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Anyway, if I had a say in it, my preference would be to do the bulk of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the documentation effort between 0.7 and 1.0. After 0.7 gets tagged, and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> if no one beats me to it, I'll do a draft of the TOC, and then ppl will
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> have a better idea of what's needed.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> (FYI, here are the pieces currently about ROBUST, but this needs to be
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> revised, anyway.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/OpenSim_Services_and_Service_Connectors">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/OpenSim_Services_and_Service_Connectors</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/ROBUST">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/ROBUST</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> )
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Fly Man wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Diva,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> That was a discussion that has been done on the #opensim-dev channel and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> so far, I haven't seen a single documentation point entrusted to the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Wiki about the new ROBUST components
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Maybe it's a good idea for you to lead the way ?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2010/1/8 &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Impalah Shenzhou wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; There is only one thing I really miss for making this: the interfaces
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; between simultator-&gt;UGAIM are not clearly documented and we have to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; navigate into code to konow what we have to do.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     I have pointed to the code, because that's all there is at the moment,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     and it's not even finished. That is not to say that that's all there
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     ever will be. Documentation is in the near future, at least for me, as
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     something that will be increasingly important for the project, critical
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     even. I'm not sure core devs can do it alone, though -- in fact, I'm
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     pretty sure we can't. I think we need to organize this community of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     users-developers much better than we have been doing before to produce
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &quot;The OpenSim Guide.&quot; It can't be a free-for-all, anarchic, design-free
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     wiki like we have been having so far (this is my opinion only, and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     doesn't represent any official position of the core devs, but I'm
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     sticking to it). We need leaders (i.e. &quot;Wikipedia admins&quot;). Personally I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     would love to see the emergence of a group of people here who would
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     become the &quot;core documenters&quot;. Those people would work very closely with
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     core devs in order to &quot;extract&quot; the knowledge out of our heads and into
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     documentation.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008224.html">[Opensim-dev] User services refactoring status
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008216.html">[Opensim-dev] User services refactoring status
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8227">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8227">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8227">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8227">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
