<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Status%20of%20presence%20refactor%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C63FAD4F222230A4EA79DE9E8BE664735011DA918DC%40winxbeus19.exchange.xchg%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008384.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008387.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?</H1>
    <B>Frisby, Adam</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Status%20of%20presence%20refactor%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C63FAD4F222230A4EA79DE9E8BE664735011DA918DC%40winxbeus19.exchange.xchg%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?">adam at deepthink.com.au
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Feb 22 04:08:41 CET 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008384.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008387.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8385">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8385">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8385">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8385">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Very cool!

Adam

&gt;<i> -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> [mailto:opensim-dev-
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Sent: Sunday, 21 February 2010 9:43 AM
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> News: the SQLite connector is done and working in the presence-refactor
</I>&gt;<i> branch.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> UserAccount data is automatically migrated into the new table. People
</I>&gt;<i> using SQLite-powered OpenSims will have to reset the passwords manually
</I>&gt;<i> before they are able to login (with console command &quot;reset user
</I>&gt;<i> password&quot;). This does not affect MySql-powered opensims, only SQLite.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Hopefully Melanie_t will finish Friends today.
</I>&gt;<i> We'll be ready to merge any time now.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; I would like to start the SOP refactor fairly soon - what if once 0.7
</I>&gt;<i> is tagged for the RC process; I go and and make a new branch; we can
</I>&gt;<i> sic testers on the presence-branch, while dev happens on the branch I
</I>&gt;<i> tag?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Adam
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> [mailto:opensim-dev-
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Sent: Friday, 19 February 2010 3:25 PM
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Melanie wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; I would not like to see the refactor start in the branch, because
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; that would postpone a merge indefinitely.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Yes, please whatever happens, do not start any sog refactoring in
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Master until presence-refactor has been merged and we've started a
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; branch for 0.7.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; In fact, when presence-refactor is merged with Master I think that
</I>&gt;<i> we
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; should wait at least 2 weeks before branching for 0.7 in order for
</I>&gt;<i> all
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; active developers to iron out any significant bugs associated with
</I>&gt;<i> the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; merge.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; At a minimum, the 0.7 branch itself would be subject to the same
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; release candidate and bug triage procedure as was 0.6.8.  Only after
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; this would 0.7 be tagged.  I think that this is the very minimum we
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; need to do in order to be a credible project.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; This would also give us an opportunity to get the documentation into
</I>&gt;<i> a
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; shape where at least super-intelligent pandimensional mice can
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; understand it :)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; At the same time as 0.7 is branched, I also think that it would be
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; prudent to branch for a potential 0.7.0.1.  If all goes well with
</I>&gt;<i> the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; sog refactor this will never see the light of day.  But I think we
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; should give ourselves a means of working with the old sog code in
</I>&gt;<i> case
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; the refactor encounters trouble.  The sog refactor is far from
</I>&gt;<i> trivial.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; However, the refactor caould be started in a NEW branch that is
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; based off the current presence-refactor. The friends and SQLite
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; functionality could be merged back to that new branch when they are
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; completed. Git allows this easily.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; That sounds like a good idea.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Melanie
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I could, but I'm hesitant to make diva distro releases from
</I>&gt;<i> branches
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; that aren't the master branch. Plus, so far the differences
</I>&gt;<i> between
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; two branches are purely internal; there is no functional
</I>&gt;<i> difference,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; or
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; new bug fixes, or anything like that. The new architecture will
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; allow
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; for lots of exciting things to happen, but, again, I'm hesitant in
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; making them happen in the branch. I'd rather merge this to master.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Robert Martin wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; On Thu, Feb 18, 2010 at 10:15 AM,  &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Sigh.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; It's ready. It's been fully operational for several weeks,
</I>&gt;<i> modulo
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; buglets. It hasn't been merged because the SQLite connector
</I>&gt;<i> hasn't
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; been
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; redone and at least Melanie doesn't want to merge without it.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; could you release a copy of Diva with the updated code (since
</I>&gt;<i> Diva
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; of
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; course does not use SQlite)?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; --
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008384.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008387.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8385">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8385">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8385">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8385">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
