<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Status%20of%20presence%20refactor%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4B8305E7.4090600%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008418.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008375.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Status%20of%20presence%20refactor%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4B8305E7.4090600%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Feb 22 23:32:07 CET 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008418.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008375.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8399">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8399">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8399">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8399">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE><A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> wrote:
&gt;<i> We can, by this order:
</I>&gt;<i> 1) merge presence-refactor into master
</I>&gt;<i> 2) create a sop-refactor branch from master immediately after
</I>&gt;<i> 3) create a 0.7 branch some time later
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I would like to propose that the sop refactoring work be done in a 
</I>&gt;<i> branch rather than in the master branch, similar to what we did for the 
</I>&gt;<i> services refactoring. It works pretty well -- gives the refactoring devs 
</I>&gt;<i> peace of mind to leave things unstable and isolates the master branch 
</I>&gt;<i> from prolonged instability.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Also, are there any suggestions for Adam before he starts doing this? He 
</I>&gt;<i> sent out a document some time ago, but there wasn't a lot of feedback or 
</I>&gt;<i> discussion. Are there any alternatives or wishes for his proposed work?
</I>
I would really have loved to read Adam's document more thoroughly but I was completely time-starved back then.  I might try and make another effort on Friday.  I'm sure it's all fine.

I presume you don't have any suggestions then, Diva? :)

&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I would like to start the SOP refactor fairly soon - what if once 0.7 is tagged for the RC process; I go and and make a new branch; we can sic testers on the presence-branch, while dev happens on the branch I tag?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> My concern with branching for 0.7 release candidates immediately after the presence-refactor merge is that we won't get everybody helping to iron out the inevitable hiccups since most people follow master.  Waiting a couple of weeks for at least some of this to happen is the minimum, I feel.  Ideally, I'd like that to be longer but I know that you and other folk want to press ahead.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I guess some of this depends on how disruptive the refactor is.  What do you think?  I'm assuming there will be breakage but perhaps I'm wrong?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Of course, I guess you could create a separate sop-refactor branch at any point and start work there, possibly merging back to master and continuing in master once 0.7 RC has been branched.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>

-- 
Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
<A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008418.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008375.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8399">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8399">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8399">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8399">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
