<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Status%20of%20presence%20refactor%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4B83100A.5000003%40t-data.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008404.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008409.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?</H1>
    <B>Melanie</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Status%20of%20presence%20refactor%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4B83100A.5000003%40t-data.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?">melanie at t-data.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Feb 23 00:15:22 CET 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008404.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008409.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8406">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8406">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8406">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8406">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I don't think we can survive another move. Also, I don't want to
learn another toolchain, I want to develop.

-1

Melanie

Mark Malewski wrote:
&gt;<i> *&gt; we're all still fairly ignorant when it comes to using git, and *
</I>&gt;<i> *&gt; we've all had close encounters with git disasters.*
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Why are we using GIT?  I understand that it's supposed to be better than
</I>&gt;<i> CVS/SVN, but it's still a dinosaur compared to Mercurial or Bazaar.  Why
</I>&gt;<i> aren't we using Mercurial?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> *&gt; Melanie is the one keeping branches in sync, she has spent *
</I>&gt;<i> *&gt; a lot of time resolving conflicts by hand, helping out the *
</I>&gt;<i> *&gt; messes we get into, etc. *
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> That seems extremely insane, and that's the whole problem with Git. It would
</I>&gt;<i> make more sense to use something like Mercurial.  Much easier with the
</I>&gt;<i> &quot;intelligent syncing&quot; feature of Mercurial (which Git doesn't have, so
</I>&gt;<i> everything must be done manually with Git and wastes a lot of time).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> *&gt; She can do that with one branch but not with many... *
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> It would really make much more sense to switch over to Mercurial (or Bazaar)
</I>&gt;<i> for the development work.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Mercurial (and Bazaar) are even faster than Git, plus Mercurial has the best
</I>&gt;<i> &quot;intelligent merging&quot; and allows users to work only on one directory of the
</I>&gt;<i> repository (to help limit damage, etc.).  The &quot;Intelligent Merging&quot; features
</I>&gt;<i> are nice (make commits easy on the dev's).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Lots of great features in Mercurial, and it's probably by far the best (or
</I>&gt;<i> at least much better than CVS, Subversion, or Git).  Bazaar and Mercurial
</I>&gt;<i> are probably the two best.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://versioncontrolblog.com/comparison/Bazaar/CVS/Git/Mercurial/Subversion/index.html">http://versioncontrolblog.com/comparison/Bazaar/CVS/Git/Mercurial/Subversion/index.html</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I could setup a Mercurial or Bazaar repository on a server (for redundancy
</I>&gt;<i> purposes) and then each of the Dev's can just use Mercurial on their desktop
</I>&gt;<i> to collaborate peer to peer (and I can perform backups of the main Mercurial
</I>&gt;<i> server, just so we have backup, snapshot and restore points).  It will help
</I>&gt;<i> with the &quot;intelligent merging&quot; (for numerous dev's all working together all
</I>&gt;<i> at the same time) and we can always feed copies of the Merc repository back
</I>&gt;<i> to the old Git and just use the old Git repository as a public archive.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Mercurial is extremely easy to use:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://hgbook.red-bean.com/read/mercurial-in-daily-use.html#id496680">http://hgbook.red-bean.com/read/mercurial-in-daily-use.html#id496680</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Merc is peer to peer, and supports backups/mirroring, and has lots of great
</I>&gt;<i> features.  I can just setup a master server (with a cron job) to
</I>&gt;<i> automatically pull periodic changes from your local repositories every hour
</I>&gt;<i> (for all the core dev's).  Since Mercurial maintains a complete copy of
</I>&gt;<i> history in each clone (every single peer), everyone who uses Mercurial to
</I>&gt;<i> collaborate on a project can potentially act as a source of &quot;backups&quot; in the
</I>&gt;<i> event of a &quot;catastrophe&quot; (since there is no real &quot;centralized&quot; server).  If
</I>&gt;<i> a central repository becomes unavailable, you simply just clone a copy of
</I>&gt;<i> the repository from one contributer, and pull any changes they may not have
</I>&gt;<i> seen from all the other contributers.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Mercurial is extremely easy to perform off-site backups and remote mirrors.
</I>&gt;<i>  Plus I can set it up to perform traditional backups to tape or disk (for
</I>&gt;<i> archival purposes).  This way if there are any problems, we can always roll
</I>&gt;<i> back, or undo or perform disaster recovery.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> To do backups, you just use &quot;hg clone -U myrepo myrepo.bak&quot; to create a
</I>&gt;<i> clone of the &quot;myrepo&quot; repository and then just perform a nightly backup,
</I>&gt;<i> that way automated nightly backups are being performed on the repository.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> This way you have something to roll back to, even if disaster does strike (a
</I>&gt;<i> dev somehow hoses everything up, which is unlikely) but regardless it never
</I>&gt;<i> hurts to have backups and consistent snapshots.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Mercurial maintains a complete copy of history in each clone, so it creates
</I>&gt;<i> numerous &quot;backups&quot; (and lots of redundancy).  By having a dedicated server
</I>&gt;<i> online, that will just act as a &quot;main peer&quot; at least all the other peers can
</I>&gt;<i> feed/seed back to the main peer anytime they are online or connected to the
</I>&gt;<i> internet.  The main server will simply act as a &quot;seed&quot;, and all the other
</I>&gt;<i> dev's computers (that may go on or offline) will simply act as peers for
</I>&gt;<i> redundancy purposes.  It's almost similar to a &quot;torrent&quot; type of
</I>&gt;<i> architecture (P2P) which is good for speed of uploading/committing large
</I>&gt;<i> updates since it can pull from any of the available online peers that are
</I>&gt;<i> online.  (Very similar to torrent).  I could maintain a &quot;seed&quot; server, and
</I>&gt;<i> just perform nightly backups onto a 2TB drive, and that way we could easily
</I>&gt;<i> have 6 months, or even a year or two of nightly backups for
</I>&gt;<i> disaster/archival purposes just in case any &quot;accidents&quot; do happen.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>                  Mark
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Mon, Feb 22, 2010 at 4:01 PM, Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">lopes at ics.uci.edu</A>&gt;wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Yeah, we could have done that in theory. In practice, we're all still
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> fairly ignorant when it comes to using git, and we've all had close
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> encounters with git disasters. Melanie is the one keeping branches in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> sync, she has spent a lot of time resolving conflicts by hand, helping
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> out the messes we get into, etc. She can do that with one branch but
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> not with many... so until several of us learn how to deal with git
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> errors effectively, it's not wise to multiply branches. We'll learn as
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> we go, and hopefully we'll get better at using git.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Feb 22, 2010, at 11:47 AM, Toni Alatalo wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> kirjoitti:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; We can, by this order:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; 1) merge presence-refactor into master
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; 2) create a sop-refactor branch from master immediately after
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; 3) create a 0.7 branch some time later
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; I would like to propose that the sop refactoring work be done in a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; branch rather than in the master branch, similar to what we did for
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; I also think a branch for it is a good idea, but don't know why wait -
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; the sop-refactor branch can also be branched from presence-refactor
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; right now if Adam wants to start already. Like Melanie suggested some
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; days ago in this thread.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; AFAIK this won't be a problem with git, 'cause commits are commits and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; it doesn't matter from which repo they are from, a version being a set
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; of commits. So sop-refactor could first pull from presence-refactor if
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; work still goes on there, and then keep pulling from master when it
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; lives there, etc.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Perhaps this is not relevant anymore if 1) can be done now, might have
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; been a good idea a couple of weeks ago when presence-refactor was
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; pretty
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; much done for parts that touch the scene(?). Also, I'm by no means a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; git
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; expert, so am curious to know if have misunderstood it somehow and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; this
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; idea wouldn't work .. Melanie did say in her post that it would.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; ~Toni
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; services refactoring. It works pretty well -- gives the refactoring
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; devs
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; peace of mind to leave things unstable and isolates the master branch
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; from prolonged instability.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Also, are there any suggestions for Adam before he starts doing
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; this? He
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; sent out a document some time ago, but there wasn't a lot of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; feedback or
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; discussion. Are there any alternatives or wishes for his proposed
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; work?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; I would like to start the SOP refactor fairly soon - what if once
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 0.7 is tagged for the RC process; I go and and make a new branch;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; we can sic testers on the presence-branch, while dev happens on
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; the branch I tag?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; My concern with branching for 0.7 release candidates immediately
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; after the presence-refactor merge is that we won't get everybody
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; helping to iron out the inevitable hiccups since most people
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; follow master.  Waiting a couple of weeks for at least some of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; this to happen is the minimum, I feel.  Ideally, I'd like that to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; be longer but I know that you and other folk want to press ahead.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; I guess some of this depends on how disruptive the refactor is.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; What do you think?  I'm assuming there will be breakage but
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; perhaps I'm wrong?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; Of course, I guess you could create a separate sop-refactor branch
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; at any point and start work there, possibly merging back to master
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt; and continuing in master once 0.7 RC has been branched.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008404.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008409.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8406">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8406">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8406">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8406">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
