<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2010-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Status%20of%20presence%20refactor%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4B8305E8.8080101%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="008393.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="008405.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Status%20of%20presence%20refactor%3F&In-Reply-To=%3C4B8305E8.8080101%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Feb 22 23:32:08 CET 2010</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008393.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="008405.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8400">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8400">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8400">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8400">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I think that a tag would be good but please _not_ anything that suggests 0.6.9.  I would really like to see us reserve version numbers for proper releases that have undergone the release candidate procedure.


<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> wrote:
&gt;<i> +1
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Mic Bowman wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Can I make one request... Can we tag the current master as 0.6.9 (or 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> something) prior to the merge?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --mic
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Mon, Feb 22, 2010 at 8:13 AM, &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     We can, by this order:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     1) merge presence-refactor into master
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     2) create a sop-refactor branch from master immediately after
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     3) create a 0.7 branch some time later
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     I would like to propose that the sop refactoring work be done in a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     branch rather than in the master branch, similar to what we did for the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     services refactoring. It works pretty well -- gives the refactoring devs
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     peace of mind to leave things unstable and isolates the master branch
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     from prolonged instability.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     Also, are there any suggestions for Adam before he starts doing this? He
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     sent out a document some time ago, but there wasn't a lot of feedback or
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     discussion. Are there any alternatives or wishes for his proposed work?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;&gt; I would like to start the SOP refactor fairly soon - what if
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     once 0.7 is tagged for the RC process; I go and and make a new
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     branch; we can sic testers on the presence-branch, while dev happens
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     on the branch I tag?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; My concern with branching for 0.7 release candidates immediately
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     after the presence-refactor merge is that we won't get everybody
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     helping to iron out the inevitable hiccups since most people follow
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     master.  Waiting a couple of weeks for at least some of this to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     happen is the minimum, I feel.  Ideally, I'd like that to be longer
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     but I know that you and other folk want to press ahead.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; I guess some of this depends on how disruptive the refactor is.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      What do you think?  I'm assuming there will be breakage but perhaps
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     I'm wrong?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; Of course, I guess you could create a separate sop-refactor
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     branch at any point and start work there, possibly merging back to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     master and continuing in master once 0.7 RC has been branched.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>

-- 
Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
<A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="008393.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="008405.html">[Opensim-dev] Status of presence refactor?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#8400">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#8400">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#8400">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#8400">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
