<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-June/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3CBLU134-W1876A588EC0C20D0B2685CD54C0%40phx.gbl%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="006741.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="006743.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion</H1>
    <B>Stefan Andersson</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3CBLU134-W1876A588EC0C20D0B2685CD54C0%40phx.gbl%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion">stefan at tribalmedia.se
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Jun  1 21:57:24 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006741.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 22, Issue 6
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="006743.html">[Opensim-dev] Using Grider to teleport SL &lt;-&gt; OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6742">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6742">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6742">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6742">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>
I think I need to re-formulate myself; what I intended was for each of us to take the decision -for-ourselves- whether we wanted to work towards this goal or not.

 

I would never dream of trying to try to impose any suggestion of imposing anything on anyone. I just thought that if I'd call out, people could rally over an initiative and say 'hell yeah', 'I'm in', 'I'm going to take on mantis', 'what can I do to help!' et c.

 

For myself, I have now taken the oath -to-myself- to concentrate solely on mantis and nunit testing until we tag 0.7, whenever that is.


As a side effect of that thinking, I think I have begun thinking about a 'OpenSim lightweight issue squashing cycle'. The goal there would be to maximize collaborative effect while minimizing personal effort. As always. Maybe that's something that can grow out of this 0.7 discussion.

 

One of the ideas I have is to have a mantis user class 'tester' that can

* close resolved cases (the idea is to ideally have the original reporter close it, but if we have resolved issues older than say two weeks, any tester can claim the issue, test it, and close)

* set issues as duplicate of another, or related to (this is probably one of the most low hanging fruit we have)

* set issues to &quot;confirmed&quot; (the idea being that issues that are older than say two months will automatically be demoted to &quot;unconfirmed&quot;, and would have to be re-confirmed)

 

and quite possibly some other things as well. I believe this class is quite similar to the 'updater' class we already have, but that we don't use. Maybe with some tweaking, it could become that?

 

Anybody out there would want to be such a 'tester'? If so, now's the time to step forward.


Best regards,
Stefan Andersson



 


Date: Sun, 31 May 2009 13:40:17 -0700
From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">cfk at pacbell.net</A>
To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion





Just to pick on the &quot;Longest Open&quot; for a little bit, here they are. The last column is the number of days the Mantis has been open.

It seems to me that a Mantis open over a year is a good candidate for a feature request, perhaps a 'wont fix' or even a 'we did fix and forgot to close'.

So, to avoid me unilaterally starting to close some of these, I would like to call on others to look into them and I will support *any* reasonable decision in getting our &quot;Longest Open&quot; to be less then 451 days old.

Charles








0000721 - opensim does not support https in *STANDALONE*
451

0000765 - Continual request of 'non existent asset' c228d1cf-4b5d-4ba8-84f4-899a0796aa97
444

0000960 - Neighbors that start up don't display
411

0001054 - On teleport, child agents are not hidden, but remain visible in region of origin
400

0001131 - Physical prims pushed off edge of region roll to infinity
392

0001147 - Doing shift-drag-copy linked non-phantom prims produces phantom copies
390

0001149 - Doing shift-drag-copy linked prims produces a new center point
390

0001176 - &quot;Already logged in&quot; message on first connect attempt
388

0001184 - Day Cycle Editor settings not remembered for sim
388

0001209 - There are currently no constraints on link set size or prim count.
387

0001211 - Individually set Phantom flag for prims in a linkset
387

0001217 - Edited child prims in linksets revert and don't save as changed
387

0001229 - Avatar sometimes remains with selection after right-clicking an object
385

0001244 - Prim permissions lost while in-world
384

0001317 - r4746 - client does not get or display &quot;inventory timeout&quot; message from region
377

0001332 - Taking groups of objects not implemented
376

0001342 - sitting pose is not correct when sitting on a box
375

0001343 - sitting pose is not correct when sitting on the rotated cylinder
375

0001344 - simulator can't provide service and system cpu 100%
375

0001347 - Client gets flooded upon logon and lag increased in sims
375

0001366 - sitting facing to the hill when sitting on tali ground
373

0001373 - Logouts/Dropoffs not properly registered at both User Server and Region server
373

0001379 - terrain load wildcard effect without using change regions first
371

0001397 - Prims out of FOV should not be rendered client-side
369

0001415 - llTargetOmega stops working from time to time







From: Charles Krinke &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">cfk at pacbell.net</A>&gt;
To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
Sent: Sunday, May 31, 2009 1:29:10 PM
Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion



No problem, man.

As I look at two other parts of the Mantis Summary page, both the &quot;Longest Open&quot; and the &quot;Most Active&quot; jump out at me.

So, ... I would suggest that if we were to concentrate on resolving/closing some of the &quot;Longest Open&quot; and &quot;Most Active&quot; that we have a way to move forward in a more or less logical fashion.

Charles





From: Nebadon Izumi &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>&gt;
To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
Sent: Sunday, May 31, 2009 1:26:10 PM
Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion

I stand corrected, I went back and you are correct, i only had closed filtered out and not the &quot;resolved&quot; issues, hence the inflated count. sorry about that.  I think all of these ideas are great, sorry to be the stickler in the mud, but I'd rather everyone beat up on me now while were discussing it than after the fact, so thanks everyone for comments, very good ideas.


On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 1:12 PM, Charles Krinke &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">cfk at pacbell.net</A>&gt; wrote:




It pains me to disagree with you, Nebadon, but when I look at the summary page on our Mantis this morning, I see 247 open Mantis issues. This actually is an admirable goal and I would think clearing as many of these as possible over the next month is an admirable goal. Like all goals, we always can declare success when it &quot;feels&quot; right and thats my wriggle room.

Charles





From: Nebadon Izumi &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>&gt;

To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
Sent: Sunday, May 31, 2009 6:34:36 AM



Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion




I can agree with that, if everyone else agrees i have no problem with it, I would just hate for anyone to think that we are locking things up and they wont have our support.  And mostly i was more concerned with trying to clear mantis, that seams a bit unrealistic, as a good portion of fixing the mantis probably rely on us instituting many feature requests.  It kind of goes against the whole premise of freezing up feature requests.


On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:29 AM, Stefan Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt; wrote:


Wise from experience, I would never propose anything as preposterous as to tell any core dev to do anything.
 
But if a substantial part of core devs and the patching community think it's a good idea and can be swayed to rally for it, I think we can see some really extraordinary measures that would make us all look pretty god damn good.

And hell, I stated it would be ambitious. Aim for the stars, hit the treetops, you know.
 
Best regards,
Stefan Andersson



 


Date: Sun, 31 May 2009 06:24:51 -0700
From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>
To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion




Have you even looked at mantis??? there are 728 open tickets, chances are if we clear mantis, we will have OpenSimulator 1.0.. I personally don't see this as feasible, this is to me looks like us trying to control what all the developers are doing, and I have to -1 this idea as it would probably make most devs just stop working.

Neb


On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:20 AM, Stefan Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt; wrote:



I do believe we're all feeling the advent of 0.7 - a milestone in any open source project.
 
Here's a crazy idea for you; how about we agree to freeze feature set and major architecture as of now, and concentrate on only:
 
* Finalizing the backend restructuring
* Clear mantis (hell, let's CLEAR mantis! how's that for ambitious?)
* Write unit tests
 
until the cows come home, and tag the cow homecoming rev as 0.7? Or, say, 1st of aug happens, and we'll tag 0.6.7 then instead. ;)

I believe this kind of solidified 0.7 would give us all a breather, help us recoup, and then we can all go back to fiddling with our various dev projects again.
 
What you say?

Best regards,
Stefan Andersson




_______________________________________________
Opensim-dev mailing list
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>



-- 
Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org/">http://osgrid.org/</A>

_______________________________________________
Opensim-dev mailing list
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>



-- 
Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>

_______________________________________________
Opensim-dev mailing list
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>



-- 
Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090601/0c2058c6/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090601/0c2058c6/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006741.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 22, Issue 6
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="006743.html">[Opensim-dev] Using Grider to teleport SL &lt;-&gt; OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6742">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6742">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6742">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6742">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
