<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-June/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3C4A23CBED.9000002%40t-data.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="006730.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="006735.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion</H1>
    <B>Melanie</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%200.7%20Release%20Discussion&In-Reply-To=%3C4A23CBED.9000002%40t-data.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion">melanie at t-data.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Jun  1 14:39:09 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006730.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="006735.html">[Opensim-dev] Is the message &quot;Please wait 5 minutes&quot;	still needed?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6734">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6734">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6734">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6734">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I'm -1 on an enforced feature freeze. In a project as vibrant and 
fast-paced as OpenSim, feature freezes should be avoided, as they 
stifle creativity.

If you really need to create a stable version and maintain it, a 
branch is the proper way, IMHO. We already have a stable branch, so 
that is covered.

Melanie

MW wrote:
&gt;<i> I'm not sure how realistic it is to try to do a feature freeze, as some of our developers mainly do their work outside the main core (and work in modules etc). So a feature freeze might just see them not doing any commits during that time. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> But in general I'm a +1 to focusing on bug fixing. A good start would be to restart the friday afternoon bugathons thats we used to have. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> --- On Mon, 1/6/09, Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> From: Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</I>&gt;<i> To: &quot;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&quot; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Date: Monday, 1 June, 2009, 5:10 AM
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> +1 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>    
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Adam 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>    
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Chris Hart
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Sent: Sunday, 31 May 2009 6:44 AM
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>    
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> It&#8217;s ambitious, and I think most unlikely that mantis can be
</I>&gt;<i> completely cleared, but there are probably some juicy ones in there that could
</I>&gt;<i> be tackled that would benefit the project if they were resolved.. It&#8217;s an
</I>&gt;<i> ambitious call, but throw in a little reality and there is something achievable
</I>&gt;<i> in here and I think it&#8217;s worth considering. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>    
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Consolidating efforts at present time, making a base to move
</I>&gt;<i> forward from that is a bit more clear cut and defined, and generally polishing
</I>&gt;<i> up what we have now sounds good idea to me, but then I admit I don&#8217;t do nearly
</I>&gt;<i> as much dev for OpenSim trunk as many others on this list.  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>    
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I kinda like Stefan&#8217;s crazy plan, so +1 from me.  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>    
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>    
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Nebadon Izumi
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Sent: 31 May 2009 14:35
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>    
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I can agree
</I>&gt;<i> with that, if everyone else agrees i have no problem with it, I would just hate
</I>&gt;<i> for anyone to think that we are locking things up and they wont have our
</I>&gt;<i> support.  And mostly i was more concerned with trying to clear mantis,
</I>&gt;<i> that seams a bit unrealistic, as a good portion of fixing the mantis probably
</I>&gt;<i> rely on us instituting many feature requests.  It kind of goes against the
</I>&gt;<i> whole premise of freezing up feature requests. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:29 AM, Stefan
</I>&gt;<i> Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> wrote: 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Wise from experience, I would never
</I>&gt;<i> propose anything as preposterous as to tell any core dev to do anything.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> But if a substantial part of core devs and the patching community think it's a
</I>&gt;<i> good idea and can be swayed to rally for it, I think we can see some really
</I>&gt;<i> extraordinary measures that would make us all look pretty god damn good.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> And hell, I stated it would be ambitious. Aim for the stars, hit
</I>&gt;<i> the treetops, you know.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>   
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Date: Sun, 31 May 2009 06:24:51 -0700
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Have you even looked at mantis??? there are 728 open tickets, chances are if we
</I>&gt;<i> clear mantis, we will have OpenSimulator 1.0.. I personally don't see this as
</I>&gt;<i> feasible, this is to me looks like us trying to control what all the developers
</I>&gt;<i> are doing, and I have to -1 this idea as it would probably make most devs just
</I>&gt;<i> stop working.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Neb 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Sun, May 31, 2009 at 6:20 AM, Stefan
</I>&gt;<i> Andersson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">stefan at tribalmedia.se</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> wrote: 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I do believe we're all feeling the advent of 0.7 - a milestone in any open
</I>&gt;<i> source project.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Here's a crazy idea for you; how about we agree to freeze feature set and
</I>&gt;<i> major architecture as of now, and concentrate on only:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> * Finalizing the backend restructuring
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> * Clear mantis (hell, let's CLEAR mantis! how's that for ambitious?)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> * Write unit tests
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> until the cows come home, and tag the cow homecoming rev as 0.7? Or,
</I>&gt;<i> say, 1st of aug happens, and we'll tag 0.6.7 then instead. ;)
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I believe this kind of solidified 0.7 would give us all a breather, help us
</I>&gt;<i> recoup, and then we can all go back to fiddling with our various dev projects
</I>&gt;<i> again.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> What you say?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="006730.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="006735.html">[Opensim-dev] Is the message &quot;Please wait 5 minutes&quot;	still needed?
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6734">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6734">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6734">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6734">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
