<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev June 2009 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>June 2009 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Mon Jun  1 00:16:50 CEST 2009</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Tue Jun 30 18:52:10 CEST 2009</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 215<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="006713.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6713">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006714.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6714">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006715.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6715">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006716.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6716">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006718.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6718">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Dzikowski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006717.html">[Opensim-dev] Difference between functionality in new OGS Radmin module and existing RAdmin?
</A><A NAME="6717">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006719.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6719">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006720.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6720">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006721.html">[Opensim-dev] Mac OS X OpenSim installer
</A><A NAME="6721">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeff Ames
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006722.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A><A NAME="6722">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006723.html">[Opensim-dev] Difference between functionality in new OGS Radmin module and existing RAdmin?
</A><A NAME="6723">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006724.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6724">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006725.html">[Opensim-dev] Mac OS X OpenSim installer
</A><A NAME="6725">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006726.html">[Opensim-dev] HUGE ASSET CACHE
</A><A NAME="6726">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Brianna
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006727.html">[Opensim-dev] HUGE ASSET CACHE
</A><A NAME="6727">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006728.html">[Opensim-dev] HUGE ASSET CACHE
</A><A NAME="6728">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006729.html">[Opensim-dev] HUGE ASSET CACHE
</A><A NAME="6729">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006730.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A><A NAME="6730">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006731.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6731">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006732.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6732">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thomas Grimshaw
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006733.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6733">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006734.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A><A NAME="6734">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006735.html">[Opensim-dev] Is the message &quot;Please wait 5 minutes&quot;	still needed?
</A><A NAME="6735">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Arthur Valadares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006736.html">[Opensim-dev] Is the message &quot;Please wait 5 minutes&quot;	still	needed?
</A><A NAME="6736">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006737.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A><A NAME="6737">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Dzikowski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006738.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A><A NAME="6738">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006739.html">[Opensim-dev] Removal of project on GForge
</A><A NAME="6739">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006740.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 22, Issue 5
</A><A NAME="6740">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006741.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 22, Issue 6
</A><A NAME="6741">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006742.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7 Release Discussion
</A><A NAME="6742">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006743.html">[Opensim-dev] Using Grider to teleport SL &lt;-&gt; OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6743">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006744.html">[Opensim-dev] Using Grider to teleport SL &lt;-&gt; OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6744">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gustavo Alberto Navarro Bilbao
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006745.html">[Opensim-dev] Using Grider to teleport SL &lt;-&gt; OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6745">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006746.html">[Opensim-dev] Using Grider to teleport SL &lt;-&gt; OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6746">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006758.html">[Opensim-dev] MANTIS PRIORITY LIST PROPOSAL
</A><A NAME="6758">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006747.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX Request for Participation
</A><A NAME="6747">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Infinity Linden
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006749.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX Request for Participation
</A><A NAME="6749">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Infinity Linden (Meadhbh S. Hamrick)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006749.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX Request for Participation
</A><A NAME="6749">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Infinity Linden (Meadhbh S. Hamrick)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006750.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX Request for Participation
</A><A NAME="6750">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006751.html">[Opensim-dev] My patch
</A><A NAME="6751">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Dzikowski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006752.html">[Opensim-dev] Anonymous Avatar
</A><A NAME="6752">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Herzog
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006753.html">[Opensim-dev] Script Function llDetectedTouchUV(() and realXtend
</A><A NAME="6753">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Herzog
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006754.html">[Opensim-dev] Script Function llDetectedTouchUV(() and realXtend
</A><A NAME="6754">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006755.html">[Opensim-dev] Script Function llDetectedTouchUV(() and realXtend
</A><A NAME="6755">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006756.html">[Opensim-dev] Script Function llDetectedTouchUV(() and realXtend
</A><A NAME="6756">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gustavo Alberto Navarro Bilbao
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006757.html">[Opensim-dev] Script Function llDetectedTouchUV(() and realXtend
</A><A NAME="6757">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Herzog
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006759.html">[Opensim-dev] LookingGlass viewer project in forge
</A><A NAME="6759">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mister Blue
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006760.html">[Opensim-dev] LookingGlass viewer project in forge
</A><A NAME="6760">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006761.html">[Opensim-dev] MANTIS PRIORITY LIST PROPOSAL
</A><A NAME="6761">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006762.html">[Opensim-dev] MANTIS PRIORITY LIST PROPOSAL
</A><A NAME="6762">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006763.html">[Opensim-dev] MANTIS PRIORITY LIST PROPOSAL
</A><A NAME="6763">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006764.html">[Opensim-dev] MANTIS PRIORITY LIST PROPOSAL
</A><A NAME="6764">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thomas Grimshaw
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006765.html">[Opensim-dev] MANTIS PRIORITY LIST PROPOSAL
</A><A NAME="6765">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006766.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things
</A><A NAME="6766">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006767.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things
</A><A NAME="6767">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006768.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things
</A><A NAME="6768">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006769.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things
</A><A NAME="6769">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006772.html">[Opensim-dev] LookingGlass viewer project in forge
</A><A NAME="6772">&nbsp;</A>
<I>f.d.g.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006770.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things [text]
</A><A NAME="6770">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006773.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things
</A><A NAME="6773">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Toni Alatalo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006774.html">[Opensim-dev] Until we meet again or Goodbye
</A><A NAME="6774">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006775.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things
</A><A NAME="6775">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006776.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things
</A><A NAME="6776">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Infinity Linden
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006777.html">[Opensim-dev] LookingGlass viewer project in forge
</A><A NAME="6777">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mister Blue
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006778.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things
</A><A NAME="6778">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006779.html">[Opensim-dev] Until we meet again or Goodbye
</A><A NAME="6779">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Dzikowski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006780.html">[Opensim-dev] Until we meet again or Goodbye
</A><A NAME="6780">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006783.html">[Opensim-dev] HUGE ASSET CACHE (THANKS!!!)
</A><A NAME="6783">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006781.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things
</A><A NAME="6781">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006782.html">[Opensim-dev] OGPX and IETF-ing things
</A><A NAME="6782">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006784.html">[Opensim-dev] HUGE ASSET CACHE (THANKS!!!)
</A><A NAME="6784">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Brianna
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006785.html">[Opensim-dev] HUGE ASSET CACHE (THANKS!!!)
</A><A NAME="6785">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006786.html">[Opensim-dev] HUGE ASSET CACHE (THANKS!!!)
</A><A NAME="6786">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006787.html">[Opensim-dev] HUGE ASSET CACHE (THANKS!!!)
</A><A NAME="6787">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006788.html">[Opensim-dev] Rethinking inventory
</A><A NAME="6788">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006789.html">[Opensim-dev] Rethinking inventory
</A><A NAME="6789">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006790.html">[Opensim-dev] Rethinking inventory
</A><A NAME="6790">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006791.html">[Opensim-dev] Rethinking inventory
</A><A NAME="6791">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006792.html">[Opensim-dev] Rethinking inventory
</A><A NAME="6792">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006793.html">[Opensim-dev] Rethinking inventory
</A><A NAME="6793">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006794.html">[Opensim-dev] Rethinking inventory
</A><A NAME="6794">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006795.html">[Opensim-dev] IClientAPI vs ???
</A><A NAME="6795">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006796.html">[Opensim-dev] IClientAPI vs ???
</A><A NAME="6796">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006799.html">[Opensim-dev] IClientAPI vs ???
</A><A NAME="6799">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006800.html">[Opensim-dev] Idea on the opensim.ini file
</A><A NAME="6800">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006801.html">[Opensim-dev] IClientAPI vs ???
</A><A NAME="6801">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006802.html">[Opensim-dev] Idea on the opensim.ini file
</A><A NAME="6802">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006803.html">[Opensim-dev] IClientAPI vs ???
</A><A NAME="6803">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006804.html">[Opensim-dev] IClientAPI vs ???
</A><A NAME="6804">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006805.html">[Opensim-dev] RFC/Proposal: Explicitly serializing SOP rather than relying on .NET automatic serialization.
</A><A NAME="6805">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006806.html">[Opensim-dev] RFC/Proposal: Explicitly serializing SOP rather than relying on .NET automatic serialization.
</A><A NAME="6806">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006807.html">[Opensim-dev] RFC/Proposal: Explicitly serializing SOP rather than relying on .NET automatic serialization.
</A><A NAME="6807">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006951.html">[Opensim-dev] CONSOLE CLEANUP
</A><A NAME="6951">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006808.html">[Opensim-dev] CLUTTERED CONSOLE
</A><A NAME="6808">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006809.html">[Opensim-dev] CLUTTERED CONSOLE
</A><A NAME="6809">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006810.html">[Opensim-dev] warnings in compile
</A><A NAME="6810">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006811.html">[Opensim-dev] Upgrade to 6.5 failure on startup
</A><A NAME="6811">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sacha Magne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006812.html">[Opensim-dev] Upgrade to 6.5 failure on startup
</A><A NAME="6812">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006813.html">[Opensim-dev] On .ini's
</A><A NAME="6813">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006814.html">[Opensim-dev] Requesting Patch Review of Mantis 3777
</A><A NAME="6814">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Brad Henry
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006815.html">[Opensim-dev] Requesting Patch Review of Mantis 3777
</A><A NAME="6815">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006816.html">[Opensim-dev] Web login
</A><A NAME="6816">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olli Aro
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006817.html">[Opensim-dev] Why nobody cares about my patch?
</A><A NAME="6817">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Dzikowski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006818.html">[Opensim-dev] Why nobody cares about my patch?
</A><A NAME="6818">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006819.html">[Opensim-dev] Why nobody cares about my patch?
</A><A NAME="6819">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Dzikowski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006820.html">[Opensim-dev] Requesting Patch Review of Mantis 3777
</A><A NAME="6820">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jay Eames
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006821.html">[Opensim-dev] Requesting Patch Review of Mantis 3777
</A><A NAME="6821">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006823.html">[Opensim-dev] Why nobody cares about my patch?
</A><A NAME="6823">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Arthur Valadares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006824.html">[Opensim-dev] Why nobody cares about my patch?
</A><A NAME="6824">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006825.html">[Opensim-dev] Web login
</A><A NAME="6825">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006822.html">[Opensim-dev] Requesting Patch Review of Mantis 3777
</A><A NAME="6822">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006826.html">[Opensim-dev] Why nobody cares about my patch?
</A><A NAME="6826">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Dzikowski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006827.html">[Opensim-dev] Why nobody cares about my patch?
</A><A NAME="6827">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Dzikowski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006828.html">[Opensim-dev] Why nobody cares about my patch?
</A><A NAME="6828">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas Sol
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006829.html">[Opensim-dev] Monitoring data using region modules
</A><A NAME="6829">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andr&#233; Filipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006830.html">[Opensim-dev] Fwd: Region Module - Apply Script to Prim
</A><A NAME="6830">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andr&#233; Filipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006831.html">[Opensim-dev] Monitoring data using region modules
</A><A NAME="6831">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Dzikowski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006832.html">[Opensim-dev] Requesting Patch Review of Mantis 3777
</A><A NAME="6832">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006833.html">[Opensim-dev] Web login
</A><A NAME="6833">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olli Aro
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006834.html">[Opensim-dev] Web login
</A><A NAME="6834">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006835.html">[Opensim-dev] Web login
</A><A NAME="6835">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006836.html">[Opensim-dev] Building on SUSE 11
</A><A NAME="6836">&nbsp;</A>
<I>SelZero
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006837.html">[Opensim-dev] Building on SUSE 11
</A><A NAME="6837">&nbsp;</A>
<I>SelZero
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006838.html">[Opensim-dev] Avatar physical capsule tilt in ODE, Mantis #2905
</A><A NAME="6838">&nbsp;</A>
<I>nlin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006839.html">[Opensim-dev] Avatar physical capsule tilt in ODE, Mantis #2905
</A><A NAME="6839">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006840.html">[Opensim-dev] Avatar physical capsule tilt in ODE, Mantis #2905
</A><A NAME="6840">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006841.html">[Opensim-dev] Starting Standalone without a region
</A><A NAME="6841">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Markus Strickler
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006842.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux Architecture
</A><A NAME="6842">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Salahzar Stenvaag
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006843.html">[Opensim-dev] Starting Standalone without a region
</A><A NAME="6843">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006844.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux	Architecture
</A><A NAME="6844">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006845.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux Architecture
</A><A NAME="6845">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006846.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux	Architecture
</A><A NAME="6846">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006847.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux	Architecture
</A><A NAME="6847">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006848.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux	Architecture
</A><A NAME="6848">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sacha Magne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006849.html">[Opensim-dev] Starting Standalone without a region
</A><A NAME="6849">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006850.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux	Architecture
</A><A NAME="6850">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Salahzar Stenvaag
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006851.html">[Opensim-dev] Exceptions on Lbsa Plaza
</A><A NAME="6851">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006852.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux	Architecture
</A><A NAME="6852">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006853.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux	Architecture
</A><A NAME="6853">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006854.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux	Architecture
</A><A NAME="6854">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006855.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6855">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006856.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6856">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sacha Magne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006857.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6857">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006858.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6858">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006859.html">[Opensim-dev] General status of OpenSim on 64 bit Linux	Architecture
</A><A NAME="6859">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006860.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6860">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006861.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6861">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006862.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6862">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006863.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6863">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006864.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6864">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006865.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP! [bayes]
</A><A NAME="6865">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006866.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6866">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006867.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP! [bayes]
</A><A NAME="6867">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006868.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800	users...HELP! [bayes]
</A><A NAME="6868">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Krause
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006869.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users... HELP!
</A><A NAME="6869">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006870.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6870">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006871.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6871">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006872.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6872">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006873.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users... HELP! [bayes]
</A><A NAME="6873">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006874.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users... HELP!
</A><A NAME="6874">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006875.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users... HELP!
</A><A NAME="6875">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006876.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users... HELP!
</A><A NAME="6876">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006877.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6877">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006878.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6878">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006879.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6879">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Antti Kokko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006880.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6880">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006882.html">[Opensim-dev] How to switch to the new server architecture
</A><A NAME="6882">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Marian Schramm | liventura
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006881.html">[Opensim-dev] Fwd: [Opensim-users] How to switch to the new server	architecture
</A><A NAME="6881">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006883.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users... HELP! [bayes]
</A><A NAME="6883">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006884.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800	users...HELP! [bayes]
</A><A NAME="6884">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006885.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users... HELP!
</A><A NAME="6885">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006886.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800	users...HELP! [bayes]
</A><A NAME="6886">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006887.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6887">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006888.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed for stand alone grid for 800 users...	HELP!
</A><A NAME="6888">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006889.html">[Opensim-dev] Quick question about sculpted prims in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6889">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006890.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6890">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006891.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6891">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006892.html">[Opensim-dev] Quick question about sculpted prims in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6892">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006893.html">[Opensim-dev] Fwd: [Opensim-users] How to switch to the new server architecture
</A><A NAME="6893">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006894.html">[Opensim-dev] Fwd: [Opensim-users] How to switch to the new	server architecture
</A><A NAME="6894">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006895.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6895">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dr scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006896.html">[Opensim-dev] Error OpenSim.exe
</A><A NAME="6896">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Marian Schramm | liventura
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006897.html">[Opensim-dev]  Error OpenSim.exe
</A><A NAME="6897">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Marian Schramm | liventura
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006898.html">[Opensim-dev] Shaping the user services
</A><A NAME="6898">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006899.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim's Acronyms
</A><A NAME="6899">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andr&#233; Filipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006900.html">[Opensim-dev] trying to improve OpenSim performance under heavy load
</A><A NAME="6900">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dirk Husemann
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006901.html">[Opensim-dev] trying to improve OpenSim performance under heavy load
</A><A NAME="6901">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Paul Fishwick
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006902.html">[Opensim-dev] trying to improve OpenSim performance under heavy load
</A><A NAME="6902">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006903.html">[Opensim-dev] trying to improve OpenSim performance under heavy	load
</A><A NAME="6903">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006904.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim's Acronyms
</A><A NAME="6904">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andr&#233; Filipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006905.html">[Opensim-dev] [libsl-dev] OpenSim's Acronyms
</A><A NAME="6905">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006906.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim's Acronyms
</A><A NAME="6906">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Sheridan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006907.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim's Acronyms
</A><A NAME="6907">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006908.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim's Acronyms
</A><A NAME="6908">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sacha Magne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006909.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim's Acronyms
</A><A NAME="6909">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006910.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim's Acronyms
</A><A NAME="6910">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall Slade
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006911.html">[Opensim-dev] trying to improve OpenSim performance under heavy	load
</A><A NAME="6911">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006912.html">[Opensim-dev] Default Avatar Script
</A><A NAME="6912">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christopher H&#228;ndler
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006913.html">[Opensim-dev] Kudos MW
</A><A NAME="6913">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006914.html">[Opensim-dev] explanation of services
</A><A NAME="6914">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Paul Fishwick
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006915.html">[Opensim-dev] explanation of services
</A><A NAME="6915">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006916.html">[Opensim-dev] explanation of services
</A><A NAME="6916">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Paul Fishwick
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006917.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6917">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006918.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6918">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006919.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6919">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006920.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6920">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006928.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6928">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006921.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6921">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006922.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6922">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006923.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6923">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006924.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6924">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006925.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6925">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dave Coyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006927.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6927">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006926.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6926">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006929.html">[Opensim-dev] Suggestion for project organization.
</A><A NAME="6929">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Tue Jun 30 18:52:10 CEST 2009</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:41 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

