<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev August 2009 Archive by author</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>August 2009 Archives by author</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Sat Aug  1 00:41:54 CEST 2009</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Mon Aug 31 23:08:12 CEST 2009</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 155<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="007381.html">[Opensim-dev] custom scene data (Re: [Proposal] Separate SceneObjectGroup/Part into separate classes/interfaces)
</A><A NAME="7381">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Toni Alatalo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007424.html">[Opensim-dev] custom scene data (Re: [Proposal] Separate SceneObjectGroup/Part into separate classes/interfaces)
</A><A NAME="7424">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Toni Alatalo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007395.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes to IAssetDataPlugin
</A><A NAME="7395">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007402.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7402">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007432.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim.ini and the various config files
</A><A NAME="7432">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007392.html">[Opensim-dev] No more inventory downloads -- yey! (Re: pruning	reference servers in core)
</A><A NAME="7392">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gustavo Alberto Navarro Bilbao
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007408.html">[Opensim-dev] LookingGlass viewer in Wright Plaza
</A><A NAME="7408">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mister Blue
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007409.html">[Opensim-dev] LookingGlass in Wright Plaza
</A><A NAME="7409">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mister Blue
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007413.html">[Opensim-dev] LookingGlass in Wright Plaza
</A><A NAME="7413">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mister Blue
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007290.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re: [Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7290">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007406.html">[Opensim-dev] Video Streamming
</A><A NAME="7406">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mic Bowman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007295.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was	Re:[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7295">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Brianna
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007300.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4?	(wasRe:[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7300">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Brianna
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007316.html">[Opensim-dev] Texture UUID in XML File
</A><A NAME="7316">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stephen Carroll
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007319.html">[Opensim-dev] Texture UUID in XML File
</A><A NAME="7319">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stephen Carroll
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007323.html">[Opensim-dev] Texture UUID in XML File
</A><A NAME="7323">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stephen Carroll
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007286.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7286">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christophe, Jean-Charles Narbonne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007415.html">[Opensim-dev] Guest Mode
</A><A NAME="7415">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christophe, Jean-Charles Narbonne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007283.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re: [Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7283">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007303.html">[Opensim-dev] Migrating opensim-libs to git
</A><A NAME="7303">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007305.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re: [Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7305">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007314.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re: [Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7314">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007335.html">[Opensim-dev] ScenePresence.FlyDisabled property
</A><A NAME="7335">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007338.html">[Opensim-dev] ScenePresence.FlyDisabled property
</A><A NAME="7338">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007352.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] [SCM] OpenSim Git Master Repository branch, master, updated. ea940d98f91b65e0fdc0619bc4e421d506813870
</A><A NAME="7352">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007360.html">[Opensim-dev] Clearance to Submit
</A><A NAME="7360">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007364.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7364">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007365.html">[Opensim-dev] Appropriate place for scene obejct serialization calls? (was Re ... ea940d98f91b65e0fdc0619bc4e421d506813870)
</A><A NAME="7365">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007389.html">[Opensim-dev] custom scene data (Re: [Proposal] Separate SceneObjectGroup/Part into separate classes/interfaces)
</A><A NAME="7389">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007390.html">[Opensim-dev] [Fwd: Re: custom scene data (Re: [Proposal] Separate SceneObjectGroup/Part into separate classes/interfaces)]
</A><A NAME="7390">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007416.html">[Opensim-dev] Guest Mode
</A><A NAME="7416">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007423.html">[Opensim-dev] Changing textures of primitives via code
</A><A NAME="7423">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007343.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7343">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007351.html">[Opensim-dev] XmlRpcGroups update, refactoring and naming changes.
</A><A NAME="7351">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007391.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7391">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007292.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7292">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007301.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7301">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007312.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7312">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007313.html">[Opensim-dev] Migrating opensim-libs to git
</A><A NAME="7313">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007329.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7329">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007328.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7328">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007332.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7332">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007428.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-Commits question
</A><A NAME="7428">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007282.html">[Opensim-dev] Q about Git in practice
</A><A NAME="7282">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dickson, Mike (ISS Software)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007347.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7347">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Down
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007417.html">[Opensim-dev] R: Re:  Guest Mode
</A><A NAME="7417">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Ferranti
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007404.html">[Opensim-dev] Video Streamming
</A><A NAME="7404">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andr&#233; Filipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007307.html">[Opensim-dev] Temporary Assets now being pushed to grid
</A><A NAME="7307">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007341.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7341">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007366.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7366">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007370.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7370">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007379.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7379">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007380.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7380">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007399.html">[Opensim-dev] .NET 3.5 support
</A><A NAME="7399">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007403.html">[Opensim-dev] DNS Notice
</A><A NAME="7403">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007407.html">[Opensim-dev] DNS Notice
</A><A NAME="7407">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007410.html">[Opensim-dev] LookingGlass in Wright Plaza
</A><A NAME="7410">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007411.html">[Opensim-dev] LookingGlass in Wright Plaza
</A><A NAME="7411">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007420.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-Commits question
</A><A NAME="7420">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007431.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-Commits question
</A><A NAME="7431">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007356.html">[Opensim-dev] Clearance to Submit
</A><A NAME="7356">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Zack Geers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007393.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes to IAssetDataPlugin
</A><A NAME="7393">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Zack Geers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007396.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes to IAssetDataPlugin
</A><A NAME="7396">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Zack Geers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007398.html">[Opensim-dev] .NET 3.5 support
</A><A NAME="7398">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Zack Geers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007414.html">[Opensim-dev] Delay with Freeswitch
</A><A NAME="7414">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Volker G&#228;ssler
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007387.html">[Opensim-dev] No more inventory downloads -- yey! (Re: pruning	reference servers in core)
</A><A NAME="7387">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007293.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7293">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007304.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7304">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Hennessee
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007421.html">[Opensim-dev] Changing textures of primitives via code
</A><A NAME="7421">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Herzog
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007306.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7306">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Homer Horwitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007288.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7288">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007317.html">[Opensim-dev] Texture UUID in XML File
</A><A NAME="7317">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007322.html">[Opensim-dev] Texture UUID in XML File
</A><A NAME="7322">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007334.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7334">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007340.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7340">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007342.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7342">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007349.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7349">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007375.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7375">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007427.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance optimization of complex ScienceSim	regions
</A><A NAME="7427">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007294.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7294">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007297.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was	Re:[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7297">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007298.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7298">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007302.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7302">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007291.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7291">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007358.html">[Opensim-dev] getting spam from forge
</A><A NAME="7358">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007359.html">[Opensim-dev] Clearance to Submit
</A><A NAME="7359">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007388.html">[Opensim-dev] No more inventory downloads -- yey! (Re: pruning	reference servers in core)
</A><A NAME="7388">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007405.html">[Opensim-dev] Video Streamming
</A><A NAME="7405">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007350.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7350">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert G. Jakabosky
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007401.html">[Opensim-dev] Region access/ban
</A><A NAME="7401">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Linda Juffermans
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007397.html">[Opensim-dev] .NET 3.5 support
</A><A NAME="7397">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lake, Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007425.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance optimization of complex ScienceSim regions
</A><A NAME="7425">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lake, Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007330.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7330">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007336.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7336">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007354.html">[Opensim-dev] getting spam from forge
</A><A NAME="7354">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007324.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7324">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007326.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7326">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007339.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7339">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007348.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7348">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007418.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-Commits question
</A><A NAME="7418">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007422.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-Commits question
</A><A NAME="7422">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007371.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7371">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007383.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7383">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007376.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7376">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fly Man
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007280.html">[Opensim-dev] Q about Git in practice
</A><A NAME="7280">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007281.html">[Opensim-dev] Q about Git in practice
</A><A NAME="7281">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007315.html">[Opensim-dev] Migrating opensim-libs to git
</A><A NAME="7315">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007318.html">[Opensim-dev] Texture UUID in XML File
</A><A NAME="7318">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007321.html">[Opensim-dev] Texture UUID in XML File
</A><A NAME="7321">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007362.html">[Opensim-dev] Clearance to Submit
</A><A NAME="7362">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007368.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7368">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007369.html">[Opensim-dev] Appropriate place for scene obejct serialization calls? (was Re ... ea940d98f91b65e0fdc0619bc4e421d506813870)
</A><A NAME="7369">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007377.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7377">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007394.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes to IAssetDataPlugin
</A><A NAME="7394">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007429.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-Commits question
</A><A NAME="7429">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007284.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7284">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007285.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7285">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007299.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7299">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007310.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7310">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007320.html">[Opensim-dev] Texture UUID in XML File
</A><A NAME="7320">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007331.html">[Opensim-dev] ScenePresence.FlyDisabled property
</A><A NAME="7331">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007337.html">[Opensim-dev] ScenePresence.FlyDisabled property
</A><A NAME="7337">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007355.html">[Opensim-dev] getting spam from forge
</A><A NAME="7355">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007361.html">[Opensim-dev] Clearance to Submit
</A><A NAME="7361">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007400.html">[Opensim-dev] .NET 3.5 support
</A><A NAME="7400">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007419.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-Commits question
</A><A NAME="7419">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007430.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-Commits question
</A><A NAME="7430">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007296.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re: [Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7296">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007325.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7325">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007327.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7327">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007333.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7333">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007344.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7344">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007345.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7345">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007346.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7346">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007373.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7373">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007426.html">[Opensim-dev] Performance optimization of complex ScienceSim regions
</A><A NAME="7426">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007309.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7309">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall Slade
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007289.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7289">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007308.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7308">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007357.html">[Opensim-dev] Clearance to Submit
</A><A NAME="7357">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007278.html">[Opensim-dev] NASA K-12 Grant
</A><A NAME="7278">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rich White
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007412.html">[Opensim-dev] Currency
</A><A NAME="7412">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007287.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7287">&nbsp;</A>
<I>orion hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007372.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7372">&nbsp;</A>
<I>krtaylor
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007385.html">[Opensim-dev] Main Repository now in Git
</A><A NAME="7385">&nbsp;</A>
<I>krtaylor
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007386.html">[Opensim-dev] Anyone else going to Austin GDC?
</A><A NAME="7386">&nbsp;</A>
<I>krtaylor
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007279.html">[Opensim-dev] Q about Git in practice
</A><A NAME="7279">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007353.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] [SCM] OpenSim Git Master Repository branch, master, updated. ea940d98f91b65e0fdc0619bc4e421d506813870
</A><A NAME="7353">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007363.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7363">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007367.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7367">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007374.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7374">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007378.html">[Opensim-dev] No more inventory downloads -- yey! (Re: pruning reference servers in core)
</A><A NAME="7378">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007384.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7384">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007311.html">[Opensim-dev] Minimum OpenSim mono version now 2.4? (was Re:	[Opensim-commits] r10113 - trunk)
</A><A NAME="7311">&nbsp;</A>
<I>marcel verhagen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="007382.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A><A NAME="7382">&nbsp;</A>
<I>marcel verhagen
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Mon Aug 31 23:08:12 CEST 2009</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:42 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

