<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev November 2010 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>November 2010 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Mon Nov  1 00:54:16 CET 2010</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Tue Nov 30 22:07:10 CET 2010</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 97<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="009712.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7.1 release
</A><A NAME="9712">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009713.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.7.1 release
</A><A NAME="9713">&nbsp;</A>
<I>M.E. Verhagen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009714.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a	Community
</A><A NAME="9714">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009715.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as	a Community
</A><A NAME="9715">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009716.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as	a Community
</A><A NAME="9716">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009717.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9717">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Crista Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009718.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9718">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009719.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9719">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Karen Palen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009720.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9720">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Karen Palen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009721.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this a real problem?
</A><A NAME="9721">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Karen Palen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009722.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this a real problem?
</A><A NAME="9722">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cerquoni
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009723.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this a real problem?
</A><A NAME="9723">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Karen Palen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009724.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this a real problem?
</A><A NAME="9724">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Nelson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009725.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this a real problem?
</A><A NAME="9725">&nbsp;</A>
<I>David Simmons
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009726.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9726">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Crista Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009727.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9727">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Serendipity Seraph
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009728.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9728">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert A. Knop Jr.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009729.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9729">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009730.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9730">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009731.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9731">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009732.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as	a Community
</A><A NAME="9732">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Malewski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009733.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as	a Community
</A><A NAME="9733">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009734.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as	a Community
</A><A NAME="9734">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Serendipity Seraph
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009735.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9735">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009736.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer 2 Map Tiles
</A><A NAME="9736">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009737.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer 2 Map Tiles
</A><A NAME="9737">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009738.html">[Opensim-dev] Viewer 2 Map Tiles
</A><A NAME="9738">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Nelson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009739.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9739">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Karen Palen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009740.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as	a Community
</A><A NAME="9740">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009741.html">[Opensim-dev] Diva Distro + Mono 2.8 + Mac 10.6.4? Login	exception...
</A><A NAME="9741">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009742.html">[Opensim-dev] Diva Distro + Mono 2.8 + Mac 10.6.4?	Login	exception...
</A><A NAME="9742">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009743.html">[Opensim-dev] Diva Distro + Mono 2.8 + Mac 10.6.4? Login	exception...
</A><A NAME="9743">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009744.html">[Opensim-dev] Diva Distro + Mono 2.8 + Mac 10.6.4?	Login	exception...
</A><A NAME="9744">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009745.html">[Opensim-dev] Diva Distro + Mono 2.8 + Mac 10.6.4? Login	exception...
</A><A NAME="9745">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009746.html">[Opensim-dev] Clarification on Licencing and Moving Forward as a Community
</A><A NAME="9746">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Nelson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009747.html">[Opensim-dev] MacSimStick needs some eyes (Mac, DivaDistro, Mono)
</A><A NAME="9747">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009748.html">[Opensim-dev] MacSimStick needs some eyes (Mac, DivaDistro,	Mono)
</A><A NAME="9748">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Crista Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009749.html">[Opensim-dev] MacSimStick needs some eyes (Mac, DivaDistro,	Mono)
</A><A NAME="9749">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009750.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim 0.7.0.2 and second life mesh viewer
</A><A NAME="9750">&nbsp;</A>
<I>john felipe urrego mejia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009751.html">[Opensim-dev] MacSimStick needs some eyes (Mac, DivaDistro,	Mono)
</A><A NAME="9751">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009752.html">[Opensim-dev] MacSimStick needs some eyes (Mac, DivaDistro,	Mono)
</A><A NAME="9752">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Crista Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009753.html">[Opensim-dev] MacSimStick needs some eyes (Mac, DivaDistro,	Mono)
</A><A NAME="9753">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009754.html">[Opensim-dev] How much does Mono -&gt; libgdi etc need to drag in?	(Mac)
</A><A NAME="9754">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009755.html">[Opensim-dev] How much does Mono -&gt; libgdi etc need to drag in? (Mac)
</A><A NAME="9755">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rob Nelson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009756.html">[Opensim-dev] How much does Mono -&gt; libgdi etc need to drag in?	(Mac)
</A><A NAME="9756">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cerquoni
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009757.html">[Opensim-dev] How much does Mono -&gt; libgdi etc need to drag in? (Mac)
</A><A NAME="9757">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Paul Fishwick
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009758.html">[Opensim-dev] How much does Mono -&gt; libgdi etc need to drag in?	(Mac)
</A><A NAME="9758">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009759.html">[Opensim-dev] terrain texture blend weight painting
</A><A NAME="9759">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Toni Alatalo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009760.html">[Opensim-dev] appearance update
</A><A NAME="9760">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mic Bowman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009761.html">[Opensim-dev] Camilo Galeano invited you to Dropbox
</A><A NAME="9761">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dropbox
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009762.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensource-dev] Web login
</A><A NAME="9762">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009763.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensource-dev] Web login
</A><A NAME="9763">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olli Aro
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009764.html">[Opensim-dev] Location of Freeswitch config section
</A><A NAME="9764">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009765.html">[Opensim-dev] Location of Freeswitch config section
</A><A NAME="9765">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009766.html">[Opensim-dev] is there a regions.ini setting to select the estate?
</A><A NAME="9766">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Collins
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009767.html">[Opensim-dev] is there a regions.ini setting to select the	estate?
</A><A NAME="9767">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009768.html">[Opensim-dev] is there a regions.ini setting to select the	estate?
</A><A NAME="9768">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009769.html">[Opensim-dev] is there a regions.ini setting to select	the	estate?
</A><A NAME="9769">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009770.html">[Opensim-dev] ROBUST and XINVENTORY HANDLER
</A><A NAME="9770">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bernd
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009771.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor	network data
</A><A NAME="9771">&nbsp;</A>
<I>CJ Davies
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009772.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor network data
</A><A NAME="9772">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009773.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor network data
</A><A NAME="9773">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fleep Tuque
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009775.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor network data
</A><A NAME="9775">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009774.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor	network data
</A><A NAME="9774">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009776.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor network data
</A><A NAME="9776">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Paul Fishwick
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009777.html">[Opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor network data
</A><A NAME="9777">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kevin Cozens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009778.html">[Opensim-dev] Forcing attachments to rezz
</A><A NAME="9778">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Neil Canham
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009779.html">[Opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor network data
</A><A NAME="9779">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olli Aro
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009780.html">[Opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor network data
</A><A NAME="9780">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ssm2017
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009781.html">[Opensim-dev] Forcing attachments to rezz
</A><A NAME="9781">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009782.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor network data
</A><A NAME="9782">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009783.html">[Opensim-dev] Forcing attachments to rezz
</A><A NAME="9783">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Neil Canham
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009784.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor	network data
</A><A NAME="9784">&nbsp;</A>
<I>CJ Davies
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009785.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor	network data
</A><A NAME="9785">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Richard Hackathorn
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009786.html">[Opensim-dev] Creator information preserved + 2 questions
</A><A NAME="9786">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009787.html">[Opensim-dev] Creator information preserved + 2 questions
</A><A NAME="9787">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009788.html">[Opensim-dev] Creator information preserved + 2 questions
</A><A NAME="9788">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009789.html">[Opensim-dev] [opensim-dev] interfaces to opensim for sensor network data
</A><A NAME="9789">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009790.html">[Opensim-dev] What does 'offset' value represent when returned by client during sit?
</A><A NAME="9790">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ed V.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009791.html">[Opensim-dev] config changes for HG
</A><A NAME="9791">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009792.html">[Opensim-dev] Additional options for save oar/iar
</A><A NAME="9792">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009793.html">[Opensim-dev] Additional options for save oar/iar
</A><A NAME="9793">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009794.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim and Repast, Swarm,....
</A><A NAME="9794">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Patrick Ernst
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009795.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim and Repast, Swarm,....
</A><A NAME="9795">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009796.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim and Repast, Swarm,....
</A><A NAME="9796">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009797.html">[Opensim-dev] config changes for HG
</A><A NAME="9797">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009798.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Physics
</A><A NAME="9798">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dionisio Cortes Fernandez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009799.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Physics
</A><A NAME="9799">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009800.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Physics
</A><A NAME="9800">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Toni Alatalo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009801.html">[Opensim-dev] missing LSL functions, events
</A><A NAME="9801">&nbsp;</A>
<I>w f
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009802.html">[Opensim-dev] missing LSL functions, events
</A><A NAME="9802">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009803.html">[Opensim-dev] missing LSL functions, events
</A><A NAME="9803">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009804.html">[Opensim-dev] missing LSL functions, events
</A><A NAME="9804">&nbsp;</A>
<I>w f
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009805.html">[Opensim-dev] config changes for HG
</A><A NAME="9805">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009806.html">[Opensim-dev] missing LSL functions, events
</A><A NAME="9806">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009807.html">[Opensim-dev] config changes for HG
</A><A NAME="9807">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="009808.html">[Opensim-dev] A big thanks...
</A><A NAME="9808">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason Shipley
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Tue Nov 30 22:07:10 CET 2010</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:48 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

