<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev May 2011 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>May 2011 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Sun May  1 19:28:35 CEST 2011</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Tue May 31 16:36:25 CEST 2011</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 127<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="010142.html">[Opensim-dev] Capabilities
</A><A NAME="10142">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010143.html">[Opensim-dev] SSL for management applications in ssl-dev branch
</A><A NAME="10143">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010144.html">[Opensim-dev] A Small issue with Teleporting!
</A><A NAME="10144">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Umar Farooq
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010145.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7.1-rc2 now available
</A><A NAME="10145">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010146.html">[Opensim-dev] Capabilities
</A><A NAME="10146">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010147.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7.1 released
</A><A NAME="10147">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010148.html">[Opensim-dev] A Small issue with Teleporting!
</A><A NAME="10148">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010149.html">[Opensim-dev] Phantom and Physical Prim  (to Mantis or not)
</A><A NAME="10149">&nbsp;</A>
<I>drwhiet at spacefriends.de
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010150.html">[Opensim-dev] Phantom and Physical Prim  (to Mantis or not)
</A><A NAME="10150">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kevin Cozens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010151.html">[Opensim-dev] Capabilities
</A><A NAME="10151">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010152.html">[Opensim-dev] Ideas
</A><A NAME="10152">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Pi And Company
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010153.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] OpenSimulator 0.7.1 released
</A><A NAME="10153">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010154.html">[Opensim-dev] A Small issue with Teleporting!
</A><A NAME="10154">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Umar Farooq
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010155.html">[Opensim-dev] Phantom and Physical Prim  (to Mantis or not)
</A><A NAME="10155">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010156.html">[Opensim-dev] Ideas
</A><A NAME="10156">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010157.html">[Opensim-dev] Ideas
</A><A NAME="10157">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Pi And Company
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010158.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ssl in OpenSim
</A><A NAME="10158">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010159.html">[Opensim-dev] Ideas
</A><A NAME="10159">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Toni Alatalo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010160.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7.1 released
</A><A NAME="10160">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010161.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] OpenSimulator 0.7.1 released
</A><A NAME="10161">&nbsp;</A>
<I>john felipe urrego mejia
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010162.html">[Opensim-dev] SSL for management applications in ssl-dev branch
</A><A NAME="10162">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010163.html">[Opensim-dev] Load Test: Help on Bots
</A><A NAME="10163">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Umar Farooq
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010164.html">[Opensim-dev] Load Test: Help on Bots
</A><A NAME="10164">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mic Bowman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010165.html">[Opensim-dev] Load Test: Help on Bots
</A><A NAME="10165">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010166.html">[Opensim-dev] SSL for management applications in ssl-dev branch
</A><A NAME="10166">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010167.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7.1 released
</A><A NAME="10167">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kevin Cozens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010168.html">[Opensim-dev] Phantom and Physical Prim  (to Mantis or not)
</A><A NAME="10168">&nbsp;</A>
<I>drwhiet at spacefriends.de
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010169.html">[Opensim-dev] Phantom and Physical Prim  (to Mantis or not)
</A><A NAME="10169">&nbsp;</A>
<I>drwhiet at spacefriends.de
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010170.html">[Opensim-dev] Phantom and Physical Prim  (to Mantis or not)
</A><A NAME="10170">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010171.html">[Opensim-dev] Phantom and Physical Prim  (to Mantis or not)
</A><A NAME="10171">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Brianna
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010172.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSimulator 0.7.1 released
</A><A NAME="10172">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Pi And Company
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010173.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10173">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Pi And Company
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010174.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10174">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010175.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10175">&nbsp;</A>
<I>pedrocha at gmx.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010176.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10176">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lino Figueroa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010177.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10177">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Chase
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010179.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10179">&nbsp;</A>
<I>R. Gunther
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010178.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10178">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lino Figueroa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010180.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10180">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010181.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10181">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lino Figueroa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010182.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10182">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010183.html">[Opensim-dev] Running OpenSim in the background
</A><A NAME="10183">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Pi And Company
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010184.html">[Opensim-dev] Remote simulator ... did not accept compressed transfer, suggest updating it.
</A><A NAME="10184">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010185.html">[Opensim-dev] delete object name &lt;UUID&gt;
</A><A NAME="10185">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010186.html">[Opensim-dev] Remote simulator ... did not accept compressed transfer, suggest updating it.
</A><A NAME="10186">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010187.html">[Opensim-dev] Remote simulator ... did not accept compressed transfer, suggest updating it.
</A><A NAME="10187">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010188.html">[Opensim-dev] Remote simulator ... did not accept compressed	transfer, suggest updating it.
</A><A NAME="10188">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010189.html">[Opensim-dev] Remote simulator ... did not accept compressed transfer, suggest updating it.
</A><A NAME="10189">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010190.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups
</A><A NAME="10190">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Pi And Company
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010191.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups
</A><A NAME="10191">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kevin Cozens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010192.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups
</A><A NAME="10192">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010193.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups
</A><A NAME="10193">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mimetic Core
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010194.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups
</A><A NAME="10194">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010195.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups
</A><A NAME="10195">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jor3l Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010196.html">[Opensim-dev] Licensing question for region modules
</A><A NAME="10196">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Neil Canham
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010197.html">[Opensim-dev] Licensing question for region modules
</A><A NAME="10197">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010198.html">[Opensim-dev] Licensing question for region modules
</A><A NAME="10198">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Neil Canham
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010199.html">[Opensim-dev] [PATCH] Fixup Documentation in AutoBackupModule.
</A><A NAME="10199">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean McNamara
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010200.html">[Opensim-dev] Licensing question for region modules
</A><A NAME="10200">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aaron Duffy
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010201.html">[Opensim-dev] Economy
</A><A NAME="10201">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Pi And Company
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010202.html">[Opensim-dev] Public Release of (free) OpenLibraryGrid OpenSim API	framework
</A><A NAME="10202">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gajananan Kugamoorthy
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010203.html">[Opensim-dev] Public Release of (free) OpenLibraryGrid OpenSim API framework
</A><A NAME="10203">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean McNamara
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010204.html">[Opensim-dev] Initial OpenSim Library
</A><A NAME="10204">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010205.html">[Opensim-dev] [PATCH] Fixup Documentation in AutoBackupModule.
</A><A NAME="10205">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010206.html">[Opensim-dev] Public Release of (free) OpenLibraryGrid OpenSim API framework
</A><A NAME="10206">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean McNamara
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010207.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] Turning gravity on for one object	[ Was: Phantom and Physical Prim (to Mantis or not) ]
</A><A NAME="10207">&nbsp;</A>
<I>drwhiet at spacefriends.de
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010208.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] Turning gravity on for one object [ Was: Phantom and Physical Prim (to Mantis or not) ]
</A><A NAME="10208">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Chase
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010209.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] Turning gravity on for one object	[ Was: Phantom and Physical Prim (to Mantis or not) ]
</A><A NAME="10209">&nbsp;</A>
<I>drwhiet at spacefriends.de
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010210.html">[Opensim-dev] I ran across this a few days ago...
</A><A NAME="10210">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010211.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] Turning gravity on for one object [ Was: Phantom and Physical Prim (to Mantis or not) ]
</A><A NAME="10211">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert A. Knop Jr.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010212.html">[Opensim-dev] I ran across this a few days ago...
</A><A NAME="10212">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010213.html">[Opensim-dev] I ran across this a few days ago...
</A><A NAME="10213">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010214.html">[Opensim-dev] delete object name &lt;UUID&gt;
</A><A NAME="10214">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010215.html">[Opensim-dev] I ran across this a few days ago...
</A><A NAME="10215">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010216.html">[Opensim-dev] Economy
</A><A NAME="10216">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010217.html">[Opensim-dev] Economy
</A><A NAME="10217">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Pi And Company
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010218.html">[Opensim-dev] Initial OpenSim Library
</A><A NAME="10218">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010219.html">[Opensim-dev] I ran across this a few days ago...
</A><A NAME="10219">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010220.html">[Opensim-dev] Creation of 100+ users and TestClient Logins!
</A><A NAME="10220">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Umar Farooq
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010221.html">[Opensim-dev] change the URL in the viewer for the search	(Websearch)
</A><A NAME="10221">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bernd
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010222.html">[Opensim-dev] Licensing question for region modules
</A><A NAME="10222">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Neil Canham
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010223.html">[Opensim-dev] change the URL in the viewer for the	search	(Websearch)
</A><A NAME="10223">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kevin Cozens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010224.html">[Opensim-dev] change the URL in the viewer for	the	search	(Websearch)
</A><A NAME="10224">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010225.html">[Opensim-dev] WxService Reloaded
</A><A NAME="10225">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010226.html">[Opensim-dev] Creation of 100+ users and TestClient Logins!
</A><A NAME="10226">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lake, Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010227.html">[Opensim-dev] change the URL in the viewer for the	search	(Websearch)
</A><A NAME="10227">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bernd
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010228.html">[Opensim-dev] change the URL in the viewer for the	search	(Websearch)
</A><A NAME="10228">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bernd
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010229.html">[Opensim-dev] change the URL in the viewer for	the	search	(Websearch)
</A><A NAME="10229">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010230.html">[Opensim-dev] change the URL in the viewer for the	search	(Websearch)
</A><A NAME="10230">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bernd
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010231.html">[Opensim-dev] change the URL in the viewer	for	the	search	(Websearch)
</A><A NAME="10231">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010232.html">[Opensim-dev] Creation of 100+ users and TestClient Logins!
</A><A NAME="10232">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Malewski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010233.html">[Opensim-dev] change the URL in the viewer for	the	search	(Websearch)
</A><A NAME="10233">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bernd
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010234.html">[Opensim-dev] Creation of 100+ users and TestClient Logins!
</A><A NAME="10234">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Umar Farooq
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010235.html">[Opensim-dev] Creation of 100+ users and TestClient Logins!
</A><A NAME="10235">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lake, Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010236.html">[Opensim-dev] Creation of 100+ users and TestClient Logins!
</A><A NAME="10236">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Umar Farooq
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010237.html">[Opensim-dev] Creation of 100+ users and TestClient Logins!
</A><A NAME="10237">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010238.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Blog post about OpenSim's login process and	common problems
</A><A NAME="10238">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010239.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10239">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010240.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10240">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010241.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10241">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010242.html">[Opensim-dev] HG friends and IM
</A><A NAME="10242">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010243.html">[Opensim-dev] HG friends and IM
</A><A NAME="10243">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010244.html">[Opensim-dev] HG friends and IM
</A><A NAME="10244">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010245.html">[Opensim-dev] HG friends and IM
</A><A NAME="10245">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bernd
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010246.html">[Opensim-dev] Creation of 100+ users and TestClient Logins!
</A><A NAME="10246">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Umar Farooq
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010247.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSImulator 0.7.1.1 released
</A><A NAME="10247">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010248.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10248">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010249.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10249">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010250.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10250">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010251.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10251">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010252.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10252">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010253.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10253">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kevin Cozens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010254.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10254">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010255.html">[Opensim-dev] RegionReady
</A><A NAME="10255">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010256.html">[Opensim-dev] RegionReady
</A><A NAME="10256">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Argus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010257.html">[Opensim-dev] SSL Certificate Checking Disabling Causing Crash, here's the solution, WAS: [Opensim-users] OpenSim crash
</A><A NAME="10257">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010258.html">[Opensim-dev] SSL Certificate Checking Disabling Causing Crash, here's the solution, WAS: [Opensim-users] OpenSim crash
</A><A NAME="10258">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010259.html">[Opensim-dev] SSL Certificate Checking Disabling Causing Crash, here's the solution, WAS: [Opensim-users] OpenSim crash
</A><A NAME="10259">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010260.html">[Opensim-dev] SSL Certificate Checking Disabling Causing Crash, here's the solution, WAS: [Opensim-users] OpenSim crash
</A><A NAME="10260">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean McNamara
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010261.html">[Opensim-dev] SSL Certificate Checking Disabling Causing Crash, here's the solution, WAS: [Opensim-users] OpenSim crash
</A><A NAME="10261">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010262.html">[Opensim-dev] SSL Certificate Checking Disabling Causing Crash, here's the solution, WAS: [Opensim-users] OpenSim crash
</A><A NAME="10262">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010263.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10263">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010264.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10264">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010265.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10265">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010266.html">[Opensim-dev] HG friends and IM
</A><A NAME="10266">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bernd
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010267.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed feature addition to OpenSim/Region/OptionalModules/Avatar/XmlRpcGroups/GroupsModule.cs (patch included)
</A><A NAME="10267">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010268.html">[Opensim-dev] HG friends and IM
</A><A NAME="10268">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Tue May 31 16:36:25 CEST 2011</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:50 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

