<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-September/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20pruning%20reference%20servers%20in%20core&In-Reply-To=%3C4AAFE9B8.9060205%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="007548.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="007553.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20pruning%20reference%20servers%20in%20core&In-Reply-To=%3C4AAFE9B8.9060205%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Sep 15 21:23:36 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="007548.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="007553.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#7550">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#7550">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#7550">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#7550">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>+1, that sounds good to me, multiple servers are confusing.

What would be really really helpful is if we could make sure that the wiki 
documentation reflects this when it happens.  Nothing major, just clearly 
deprecate all the old stuff and provide
just sufficient instructions for people to elaborate on later if required.  I 
know there is some documentation but even technically proficient people seem to 
have problems in this area.

Or perhaps that confusion would clear up one the old servers are eliminated and 
the old doc becomes clearly out of date.


<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> wrote:
&gt;<i> Hi everyone,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Now that summer vacation is over and everyone seems to be back, it's 
</I>&gt;<i> time to revisit this thread. It's been one month, and no one has stepped 
</I>&gt;<i> up to bringing the old Grid.InventoryServer up to date with the new 
</I>&gt;<i> requirements. The simulators can still talk to old server, but really 
</I>&gt;<i> poorly, after failures; and they don't take advantage of the new 
</I>&gt;<i> streamlined interactions that avoid downloading the entire inventory 
</I>&gt;<i> into the simulators.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> In this past month, OSGrid has switched the inventory service to ROBUST, 
</I>&gt;<i> and lots of other grids have followed. The newly released IAR tool has 
</I>&gt;<i> been developed nicely for the new interface too.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> So -- I propose we drop the old Asset and Inventory servers now, so that 
</I>&gt;<i> we stop supporting old code. Any objections?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Again, the door is always open for someone to step up and maintain those 
</I>&gt;<i> servers as alternatives -- even write/maintain connectors for them, and 
</I>&gt;<i> write/maintain corresponding pre-packaged configurations that use them. 
</I>&gt;<i> But without that kind of commitment, we're bound to make things very 
</I>&gt;<i> confusing by having multiple reference implementations of the same 
</I>&gt;<i> things, some of which are not evolving, and only one pre-packaged 
</I>&gt;<i> configuration that assumes the new interfaces.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Crista
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Ping me when you tune in to the IRC, if you still have questions after 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> reading this. The additions are really easy. Look in 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSim/Server/Handlers/Inventory/InventoryServerInConnector.cs, in my 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> local repo (the one currently in head is outdated)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://github.com/diva/Diva-s-OpenSim-Tests/blob/21b5ebdc1f59ee449f56e40d8cbb9f3f5b3de644/OpenSim/Server/Handlers/Inventory/InventoryServerInConnector.cs">http://github.com/diva/Diva-s-OpenSim-Tests/blob/21b5ebdc1f59ee449f56e40d8cbb9f3f5b3de644/OpenSim/Server/Handlers/Inventory/InventoryServerInConnector.cs</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> The 2 service handlers that you need to add and implement are these:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> m_httpServer.AddStreamHandler(
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      new RestDeserialiseSecureHandler&lt;Guid, List&lt;InventoryFolderBase&gt;&gt;(
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     &quot;POST&quot;, &quot;/SystemFolders/&quot;, GetSystemFolders, CheckAuthSession));
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> m_httpServer.AddStreamHandler(
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>      new RestDeserialiseSecureHandler&lt;Guid, InventoryCollection&gt;(
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     &quot;POST&quot;, &quot;/GetFolderContent/&quot;, GetFolderContent, CheckAuthSession));
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> You can copy and paste the implementations I have there.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Let me know when you're done, so that I can push my local mods.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> MW wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> If you can provide the details of those two handlers that need adding to 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the old servers, I can have a go at implementing them; dependent on how 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> much work it involves.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --- On *Thu, 13/8/09, <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> /&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;/* 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Date: Thursday, 13 August, 2009, 5:01 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     I'm fine with waiting until September before pruning reference
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     implementations down to one of each. But someone needs to give love to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Grid.Inventory, because I don't have time for loving so many servers :-)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     The current improvement I'm doing right now (eliminating the need to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     pass the entire inventory around) only works for the new-style
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     inventory
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     service. It can easily be made to work for the old one. Whoever wants
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Grid.Inventory to support the simulators' [much more reasonable] needs
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     should make the necessary improvements to it.. I'll be happy to explain
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     what the server needs to do -- 2 additional service handlers. I still
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     haven't pushed my local commits, and I can wait a little bit for a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Grid.InventoryServer lover to step up and volunteer. But I don't think
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     it's reasonable to hold this improvement until September; I already
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     have
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     it, and it's almost ready to be pushed out to grids out there. Passing
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     thousands of inventory items upon region crossings and TPs is probably
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     one of the worst things in OpenSim right now, and needs fixing.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     MW wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; I'm fine with the AssetInventoryServer being removed as soon as
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     possible
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; because I don't think anyone uses it.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; But believe we should at least wait a couple of more weeks before
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; Grid.InventoryServer
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; and Grid.AssetServer are removed, so that everyone gets a chance
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     to have
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; their say/vote. As a number of people are on vacation around this
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     time..
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; Personally as long as the ROBUST servers are fully tested on
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     multiple
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; grids that have a quite heavy load/userbase, then I'm okay with
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     removing
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; the old servers, as long as there is total agreement; I know a few
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; people have said they don't want to swap to ROBUST.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; --- On *Tue, 11/8/09, Frisby, Adam /&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;&gt;/* wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     From: Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     To: &quot;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&quot;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     Date: Tuesday, 11 August, 2009, 10:09 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     Please do. I'd like a 0.6.X release shortly after every
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     networkinterface version change if possible - since it makes
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     compat
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     with the latest stable release always a headache.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     [mailto:opensim-dev-
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;] On Behalf Of Justin
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Sent: Tuesday, 11 August 2009 12:04 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; Dear devs,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; I'm finally changing the way the simulator caches inventory.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     This is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; all
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; good, and it's the beginning of the much awaited user
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     services
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; refactoring. This requires a few small changes in the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     inventory
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; services
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; interface, as well as additions to the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     implementation(s). So...
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; We now have 3 -- yes 3! -- different inventory servers
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     in core.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     (and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; 3
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; asset servers too). I think it's time to make a decision
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     on what to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; keep
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; and what to drop, because evolving this ecosystem of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     implementations
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; core is unscalable.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; With this, I'm proposing that we drop the old
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Grid.InventoryServer,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; old Grid.AssetServer and the AssetInventoryServer (CB1).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Some
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     people
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; may
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; still be using the old servers, so it's time to switch
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     everybody to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; ROBUST. Asking in the IRC, it looks like no one is using
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; AssetInventoryServer.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; &gt; Comments? Objections?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Might be an idea to knock out a 0.6.7 first before making that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     switch.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; justincc
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>      &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>

-- 
justincc
Justin Clark-Casey
<A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="007548.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="007553.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#7550">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#7550">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#7550">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#7550">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
