<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-September/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20pruning%20reference%20servers%20in%20core&In-Reply-To=%3Ca1e4bd2f0909151308o20df4a3bl1e009f46543a974%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="007551.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="007556.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core</H1>
    <B>Fly Man</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20pruning%20reference%20servers%20in%20core&In-Reply-To=%3Ca1e4bd2f0909151308o20df4a3bl1e009f46543a974%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core">fly.man.opensim at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Sep 15 22:08:54 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="007551.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="007556.html">[Opensim-dev] Help: Frozen Avatar - the solution
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#7552">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#7552">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#7552">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#7552">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>+1 from me as well. I know I was against it at first but the new
ROBUST made life a lot easier on the grids I manage

2009/9/15 Nebadon Izumi &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">nebadon2025 at gmail.com</A>&gt;:
&gt;<i> +1 from me, i also spoke with Adam about this and he agrees that as long as
</I>&gt;<i> we dont have to rewrite the protocols for OSgrid's Asset Fragstore to
</I>&gt;<i> accommodate it then its fine to remove.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Tue, Sep 15, 2009 at 11:06 AM, &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hi everyone,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Now that summer vacation is over and everyone seems to be back, it's
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> time to revisit this thread. It's been one month, and no one has stepped
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> up to bringing the old Grid.InventoryServer up to date with the new
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> requirements. The simulators can still talk to old server, but really
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> poorly, after failures; and they don't take advantage of the new
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> streamlined interactions that avoid downloading the entire inventory
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> into the simulators.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> In this past month, OSGrid has switched the inventory service to ROBUST,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> and lots of other grids have followed. The newly released IAR tool has
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> been developed nicely for the new interface too.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> So -- I propose we drop the old Asset and Inventory servers now, so that
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> we stop supporting old code. Any objections?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Again, the door is always open for someone to step up and maintain those
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> servers as alternatives -- even write/maintain connectors for them, and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> write/maintain corresponding pre-packaged configurations that use them.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> But without that kind of commitment, we're bound to make things very
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> confusing by having multiple reference implementations of the same
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> things, some of which are not evolving, and only one pre-packaged
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> configuration that assumes the new interfaces.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Crista
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Ping me when you tune in to the IRC, if you still have questions after
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; reading this. The additions are really easy. Look in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; OpenSim/Server/Handlers/Inventory/InventoryServerInConnector.cs, in my
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; local repo (the one currently in head is outdated)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="http://github.com/diva/Diva-s-OpenSim-Tests/blob/21b5ebdc1f59ee449f56e40d8cbb9f3f5b3de644/OpenSim/Server/Handlers/Inventory/InventoryServerInConnector.cs">http://github.com/diva/Diva-s-OpenSim-Tests/blob/21b5ebdc1f59ee449f56e40d8cbb9f3f5b3de644/OpenSim/Server/Handlers/Inventory/InventoryServerInConnector.cs</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; The 2 service handlers that you need to add and implement are these:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; m_httpServer.AddStreamHandler(
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;new RestDeserialiseSecureHandler&lt;Guid, List&lt;InventoryFolderBase&gt;&gt;(
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &#160; &#160; &quot;POST&quot;, &quot;/SystemFolders/&quot;, GetSystemFolders, CheckAuthSession));
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; m_httpServer.AddStreamHandler(
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;new RestDeserialiseSecureHandler&lt;Guid, InventoryCollection&gt;(
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &#160; &#160; &quot;POST&quot;, &quot;/GetFolderContent/&quot;, GetFolderContent, CheckAuthSession));
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; You can copy and paste the implementations I have there.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Let me know when you're done, so that I can push my local mods.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; MW wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; If you can provide the details of those two handlers that need adding
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; the old servers, I can have a go at implementing them; dependent on how
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; much work it involves.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; --- On *Thu, 13/8/09, <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> /&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;/*
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; Date: Thursday, 13 August, 2009, 5:01 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; I'm fine with waiting until September before pruning reference
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; implementations down to one of each. But someone needs to give love
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; Grid.Inventory, because I don't have time for loving so many
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; servers :-)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; The current improvement I'm doing right now (eliminating the need
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; pass the entire inventory around) only works for the new-style
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; inventory
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; service. It can easily be made to work for the old one. Whoever
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; wants
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; Grid.Inventory to support the simulators' [much more reasonable]
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; needs
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; should make the necessary improvements to it.. I'll be happy to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; explain
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; what the server needs to do -- 2 additional service handlers. I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; still
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; haven't pushed my local commits, and I can wait a little bit for a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; Grid.InventoryServer lover to step up and volunteer. But I don't
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; think
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; it's reasonable to hold this improvement until September; I already
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; have
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; it, and it's almost ready to be pushed out to grids out there.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Passing
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; thousands of inventory items upon region crossings and TPs is
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; probably
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; one of the worst things in OpenSim right now, and needs fixing.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; MW wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; I'm fine with the AssetInventoryServer being removed as soon as
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; possible
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; because I don't think anyone uses it.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; But believe we should at least wait a couple of more weeks
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; before
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; Grid.InventoryServer
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; and Grid.AssetServer are removed, so that everyone gets a chance
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; to have
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; their say/vote. As a number of people are on vacation around
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; this
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; time..
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; Personally as long as the ROBUST servers are fully tested on
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; multiple
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; grids that have a quite heavy load/userbase, then I'm okay with
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; removing
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; the old servers, as long as there is total agreement; I know a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; few
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; people have said they don't want to swap to ROBUST.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; --- On *Tue, 11/8/09, Frisby, Adam /&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;&gt;/* wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; From: Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; To: &quot;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&quot;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; Date: Tuesday, 11 August, 2009, 10:09 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; Please do. I'd like a 0.6.X release shortly after every
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; networkinterface version change if possible - since it makes
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; compat
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; with the latest stable release always a headache.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; [mailto:opensim-dev-
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;] On Behalf Of Justin
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; Sent: Tuesday, 11 August 2009 12:04 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; core
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">diva at metaverseink.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; Dear devs,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; I'm finally changing the way the simulator caches
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; inventory.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; This is
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; all
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; good, and it's the beginning of the much awaited user
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; services
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; refactoring. This requires a few small changes in the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; inventory
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; services
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; interface, as well as additions to the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; implementation(s). So...
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; We now have 3 -- yes 3! -- different inventory servers
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; in core.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; (and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; 3
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; asset servers too). I think it's time to make a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; decision
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; on what to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; keep
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; and what to drop, because evolving this ecosystem of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; implementations
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; core is unscalable.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; With this, I'm proposing that we drop the old
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; Grid.InventoryServer,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; old Grid.AssetServer and the AssetInventoryServer
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; (CB1).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; Some
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; people
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; may
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; still be using the old servers, so it's time to switch
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; everybody to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; ROBUST. Asking in the IRC, it looks like no one is
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; using
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; AssetInventoryServer.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &gt; Comments? Objections?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; Might be an idea to knock out a 0.6.7 first before making
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; that
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; switch.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; justincc
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; &#160; &#160; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &#160;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; &lt;/mc/compose?to=<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; &#160; &#160; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> Michael Emory Cerquoni - Nebadon Izumi @ <A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="007551.html">[Opensim-dev] pruning reference servers in core
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="007556.html">[Opensim-dev] Help: Frozen Avatar - the solution
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#7552">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#7552">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#7552">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#7552">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
