<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Diva Groups and Offline IM
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2013-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Diva%20Groups%20and%20Offline%20IM&In-Reply-To=%3C5122D25C.1010209%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="011724.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="011725.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Diva Groups and Offline IM</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Diva%20Groups%20and%20Offline%20IM&In-Reply-To=%3C5122D25C.1010209%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Diva Groups and Offline IM">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Feb 19 02:16:12 CET 2013</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="011724.html">[Opensim-dev] Diva Groups and Offline IM
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="011725.html">[Opensim-dev] Diva Groups and Offline IM
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#11729">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#11729">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#11729">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#11729">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Yes, I think this is a perfectly reasonable kind of thing to go in core, as I would regard it as basic infrastructure.

It will be a module in core anyway, and the existing external groups solutions (Flotsam and Simian, for example) will 
continue to work.  I would also like to thank Diva for contributing this functionality - a core groups service is 
something I've wanted to see for a very long time but never had the time to implement.

On 17/02/13 01:54, John Sheridan wrote:
&gt;<i> I'm just theorizing here, but I would think that common components required for interoperability between grids would
</I>&gt;<i> need to go into the core.  Just recently I finished writing my own offline IM handler in c# only to realize it didn't
</I>&gt;<i> save messages that came in from over the hypergrid.  I've yet to dig in to see why, but after pouring over different
</I>&gt;<i> examples on how to get profiles working I'm quickly realizing that there is a need for a common way for all of these
</I>&gt;<i> services to communicate.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Its one thing to have your own proprietary communications formats if you're running a closed grid, but in the case where
</I>&gt;<i> your components need to talk to other people's  - that seems to be a different story.  For example, with my profiles
</I>&gt;<i> module I wanted to create a set of data objects (psProfile, psProfilePick, psProfileClassifieds, etc.), serialize them
</I>&gt;<i> on the sim end, then ship them off to the profiles server and vice versa.  After seeing how other projects out there
</I>&gt;<i> communicate with their server counterparts, it became blatantly apparent that my way would work just fine if it were
</I>&gt;<i> used on a closed grid but not in a Hypergridded environment where it would need to talk to countless other profile
</I>&gt;<i> servers that all likely communicate in different ways.  I'm pretty sure the same would hold true for offline messaging,
</I>&gt;<i> groups, and so on.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On 02/16/2013 07:32 PM, R.Gunther wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim core ?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I hope it's going to be a module, and not in the core of opensim. I have the idea there's already to much in core and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> not enough in modules.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On 2013-02-16 21:07, Diva Canto wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Heads up: after discussion within core devs, the Groups and Offline IM addons I did for D2 are going to be donated to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> core opensim. This means that core opensim will have support for these out of the box without having to install any
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> further components (i.e. apache). They work both for standalones and grids. Diva Groups has the optional HG service
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> for supporting groups with foreign users. It also implements notices with attachments, something that is missing from
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Flotsam groups. It does not implement the voting and accounting features of the viewer (patches welcome).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> For those using Flotsam or Simian Groups, they're all mutually exclusive -- the config decides which one to use.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The code will be added within the next week. If there are any issues or questions, let us know.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Cheers
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Diva
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>

-- 
Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
OSVW Consulting
<A HREF="http://justincc.org">http://justincc.org</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>
</PRE>


<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="011724.html">[Opensim-dev] Diva Groups and Offline IM
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="011725.html">[Opensim-dev] Diva Groups and Offline IM
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#11729">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#11729">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#11729">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#11729">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
