<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Distributed asset server proposal (was: RE:	OSGrid &lt;-&gt; UCIGrid)
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-October/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Distributed%20asset%20server%20proposal%20%28was%3A%20RE%3A%0A%09OSGrid%20%3C-%3E%20UCIGrid%29&In-Reply-To=%3C170fa1780810311529v78f863d7k9ce9b52a5e291734%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="003362.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="003364.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Distributed asset server proposal (was: RE:	OSGrid &lt;-&gt; UCIGrid)</H1>
    <B>James Stallings II</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Distributed%20asset%20server%20proposal%20%28was%3A%20RE%3A%0A%09OSGrid%20%3C-%3E%20UCIGrid%29&In-Reply-To=%3C170fa1780810311529v78f863d7k9ce9b52a5e291734%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Distributed asset server proposal (was: RE:	OSGrid &lt;-&gt; UCIGrid)">james.stallings at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Oct 31 23:29:38 CET 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003362.html">[Opensim-dev] Distributed asset server proposal (was: RE:	OSGrid &lt;-&gt; UCIGrid)
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="003364.html">[Opensim-dev] Distributed asset server proposal (was: RE:	OSGrid &lt;-&gt; UCIGrid)
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3363">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3363">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3363">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3363">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>There's the whole problem with rexx that there is no linux or mac osx
support. That leaves a good many devs and operators out of that picture. Not
a viable option IMHO.

Cheers

On Fri, Oct 31, 2008 at 5:14 PM, Toni Alatalo &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">antont at kyperjokki.fi</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> On Oct 31, 2008, at 3:14 AM, Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; It would be nice if we could get the viewer to download the assets it
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; needs directly too rather than route them via the simulator. But of
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; course, protocol changes and LL is always fun.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Well, as you (all) know RealXtend is also doing protocol changes and
</I>&gt;<i> maintaining and developing a version of the SL viewer that is changed
</I>&gt;<i> and extended for more distributed stuff, and they might well be
</I>&gt;<i> committed to support this kind of asset servers (iirc it's in the
</I>&gt;<i> roadmap, and in a way implemented too for the avatars at least?). I
</I>&gt;<i> don't mean to hijack this thread nor the list in general for a big
</I>&gt;<i> debate on client development issues, but just want to point out that
</I>&gt;<i> team and client version as a relatively realistic possibility for
</I>&gt;<i> getting this soon.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> So the proposal is there, and the plan for current SL compatibility, so
</I>&gt;<i> Rex client team can also take a look at the proposal and if the
</I>&gt;<i> protocol is agreed on, they may implement it based on the spec, anyone
</I>&gt;<i> can use it (without looking at the code ;), and there are no
</I>&gt;<i> contamination issues. If this happens people can use the LL version of
</I>&gt;<i> the viewer via the simulator workaround, but also the version that
</I>&gt;<i> connects directly to asset servers, at least for testing.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I'm afraid there may be an implementation level caveat, though: AFAIK
</I>&gt;<i> the Rex viewer has SL compatibility so that the LL viewer is there
</I>&gt;<i> basically unmodified, and used when connecting to SL or a vanilla
</I>&gt;<i> OpenSim. That is, then the LL renderer is used, and I guess an
</I>&gt;<i> unmodified version of the SL protocol too. Only in 'rex mode' the Ogre
</I>&gt;<i> renderer is used, and I guess only then the rx protocol extensions
</I>&gt;<i> (like using a separate authentication server, avatar/asset servers
</I>&gt;<i> etc). This is a guess based on how I've seen it work and what I've
</I>&gt;<i> heard about it, haven't looked at the code (only worked on the server
</I>&gt;<i> side last winter) nor discussed this issue specifically.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> So it can be that it is not most straightforward to have a mode in the
</I>&gt;<i> Rex viewer that would work with otherwise vanilla OpenSim, meaning SL
</I>&gt;<i> compatibility, but that could use asset servers directly. But I may be
</I>&gt;<i> also wrong there and perhaps that kind of extension could be easily
</I>&gt;<i> added without the others (even though the original codebase and hence
</I>&gt;<i> the extensions are reportedly quite a spaghetti at places..). Perhaps
</I>&gt;<i> even the existing asset fetching stuff is there already in a modular
</I>&gt;<i> enough way that it could be enabled for this as well. I hope they'll
</I>&gt;<i> take a look at it at least, probably a good idea to discuss it more on
</I>&gt;<i> the rex developers list, and then return here if there's some result
</I>&gt;<i> (am supposing Jani or Mikko or someone has already picked this up from
</I>&gt;<i> here :)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Certainly I imagine places like Intel can also spare some programmer
</I>&gt;<i> (who doesn't need to touch the opensim side..) to do client changes,
</I>&gt;<i> dunno if that is the plan to be able to test this quickly, but as the
</I>&gt;<i> Rex client guys have already 1 year of full time experience from making
</I>&gt;<i> similar changes to the LL viewer and are committed to maintain that
</I>&gt;<i> version etc. was thinking it might be worth a shot.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Adam
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> ~Toni
</I>&gt;<i> P.S. i'm not working with nor officially affiliated with realxtend
</I>&gt;<i> right now, was just thinking about this based on what know from earlier
</I>&gt;<i> and what hope would happen
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Hurliman,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; John
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Sent: Thursday, 30 October 2008 5:30 PM
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Subject: [Opensim-dev] Distributed asset server proposal (was: RE:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; OSGrid &lt;-&gt; UCIGrid)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; This ties in closely with the asset server proposal we've been
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; brainstorming at Intel. The current version of the proposal is at
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/wiki/AssetServerProposal">http://opensimulator.org/wiki/AssetServerProposal</A> and the project
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; lives at <A HREF="http://forge.opensimulator.org/gf/project/assetserver/">http://forge.opensimulator.org/gf/project/assetserver/</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; (although there is no usable code just yet).
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; A large benefit that you gain from bringing the asset/inventory/etc
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; servers out from behind the simulator is allowing content creators to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; manage their own assets, and stop binding end users to a single
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; grid-provided asset service. Offloading &gt;80% of the traffic from the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; simulator is just a side benefit.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; John
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Stefan
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Andersson
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Sent: Thursday, October 30, 2008 2:23 PM
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] OSGrid &lt;-&gt; UCIGrid
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; I've been meaning to write a post for a very long time now. It's in my
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; draft folder. Just not getting it finished.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  First Step:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  Just wanted you all to consider what would happen if we, on
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; ExpectAvatar sent some aux info like 'home user server url', 'home
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; asset server url' and 'home inventory server url' to be attached to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; the ScenePresence, and had all communications interactions use those
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; provided urls.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  What I'm saying is, that the region could accept any avatar in the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; form of an authenticated and authorized UUID only, so - &quot;grid&quot; would
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; become meaningless and &quot;intergrid&quot; becomes a moot issue - all regions
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; would always expect all clients to come from all different
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; user/asset/inventory servers. The authorization aspect of the &quot;grid&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; would then be a question of service trust, regions clustered under one
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; governing entity implementing its own trust schemes. One basic trust
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; scheme would probably be https.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  Next Step:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  Consider then, if you will, if the &quot;home&quot; configuration would simply
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; be a function of a login to your own &quot;home&quot; login server, or simply as
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; a function of a modified viewer, hence the viewer would send preffered
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; service url's on login.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  Hey Presto, 3D Web for real. It's not that far away, even given the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; current architecture.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  Best regards,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  Tribal Media AB
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  Join the 3d web revolution : <A HREF="http://tribalnet.se/">http://tribalnet.se/</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Date: Thu, 30 Oct 2008 18:34:21 +0000
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] OSGrid &lt;-&gt; UCIGrid
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Cristina Videira Lopes wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; Strong -1 on committing this code directly to core at this stage.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; Charles, I strongly believe it would be better for us to see
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; this mature a little as an external module first, rather
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; than committing code directly to core. Please could we hold off
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; at least until the code has reached some level of
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; maturity, at which point we can have a discussion about what we
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; want to do.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; +1 on Justin's -1 :-)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; There's no way I would propose the code as is today for a core
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; patch;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; there's a lot stuff that is still loose.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; But I hope people will want the hypergrid model enough that the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; extensions will be delivered on the same &quot;package&quot; as the core,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; soon.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; And I hope there are volunteers from the core developers to help
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; bring
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; this up to speed!
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Cool, thanks Cristina, glad to know that we're on the same
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; wavelength :)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; I'm sure there will be interest from core developers - there has
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; been occasional conversation about looking at
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; alternative ways of doing things. But again, kudos for actually
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; doing something - rough running code is always better
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; than talk :)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; I'm quite keen myself but unfortunately more prosaic OpenSim server
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; bugs keep hitting me in the face in such a way that
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; I need to fix them for one reason or another.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; There is also an argument that such modules should eventually be
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; outside the core anyway. The OGP modules we have are
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; in there because our region infrastructure module isn't advanced
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; enough to make it easy to host these outside of core.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; This is something we should address (either having some protocol
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; modules in or having them all out).
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; +1 on that too. The hypergrid extension would be even simpler
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; than what
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; already is if only I could define externally what the comm module
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; is. I
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; suspect OGP suffers from the same problem.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; That's not to say that this isn't very interesting work,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Cristina. Does the code fit into the module structure?
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; Yes. As I said, the only weirdness comes because I can't spec the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; comms
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; module. If you change that, it will be a charm (modulo some
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; visibility
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; changes here and there).
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Yep, apologies for not reading your previous e-mail carefully
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; enough. When I get a chance, I'll see if I can look at
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; your code and change the structure such that things are easier in
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; this respect (unless someone else does it first). Of
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; course, a patch to do such a thing is one that would be very
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; welcome and quickly applied too.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; I had thoughts along similar lines for distributed grids.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com/2008/08/15/could-there-be-a-future-">http://justincc.wordpress.com/2008/08/15/could-there-be-a-future-</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; without-big-grids/
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; but I never actually implemented anything = so fair do's to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Cristina. Also, my thoughts were to conduct everything
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; client side.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; The problem does some with asset and inventory and routing this
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; information around. My thinking was that it would be
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; better if the client fetch this information directly rather than
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; via the sim, but this would require extensive (and
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt; probably difficult) client changes.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; A smarter client would make a lot of things a lot easier...
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; God yes. Sometimes I think the fact that it is GPL'd has been a
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; blessing in disguise - it allows us to implement a lot
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; of OpenSim without accompanying time spent thinking about the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; client. But it seems that things are getting to the stage
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; where the restrictions are as painful as they are beneficial.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; --
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; justincc
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>


-- 
===================================
The wind
scours the earth for prayers
The night obscures them

<A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
<A HREF="http://del.icio.us/SPQR">http://del.icio.us/SPQR</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/jstallings2">http://twitter.com/jstallings2</A>
<A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49">http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49</A>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20081031/5fcacbce/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20081031/5fcacbce/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003362.html">[Opensim-dev] Distributed asset server proposal (was: RE:	OSGrid &lt;-&gt; UCIGrid)
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="003364.html">[Opensim-dev] Distributed asset server proposal (was: RE:	OSGrid &lt;-&gt; UCIGrid)
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3363">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3363">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3363">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3363">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
