<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Hypergrid and Interoperability workshop
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Hypergrid%20and%20Interoperability%20workshop&In-Reply-To=%3C49875051.9000607%40ics.uci.edu%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="004840.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="004862.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid and Interoperability workshop</H1>
    <B>Cristina Videira Lopes</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Hypergrid%20and%20Interoperability%20workshop&In-Reply-To=%3C49875051.9000607%40ics.uci.edu%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid and Interoperability workshop">lopes at ics.uci.edu
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Feb  2 20:58:09 CET 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="004840.html">[Opensim-dev] More files to clean up in OpenSim/Data/
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="004862.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid and Interoperability workshop
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#4861">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#4861">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#4861">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#4861">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi,

We're planning a first meeting to talk about defining a roadmap for 
Hypergrid interoperability in OpenSim worlds. The meeting will be this 
Friday at 10am PST. We'll meet in the UCI Grid, Gateway 7000, until it 
crashes :-); then we'll move to an IRC channel.

Note that this is not intended to be a support group meeting about the 
hypergrid, so don't come with support questions. The meeting has three 
main objectives:

1) Taking a picture of the maximum number of foreign avatars ever 
assembled in one place

2) Figure out how to define a roadmap for interoperability without 
falling into the trap of formal working groups

3) Start talking about trust in the decentralized HG-enabled Metaverse

Crista



</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="004840.html">[Opensim-dev] More files to clean up in OpenSim/Data/
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="004862.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid and Interoperability workshop
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#4861">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#4861">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#4861">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#4861">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
