<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Groups%20in%20OpenSim&In-Reply-To=%3C4998616B.20504%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="005056.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="005025.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Groups%20in%20OpenSim&In-Reply-To=%3C4998616B.20504%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun Feb 15 19:39:39 CET 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005056.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="005025.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#5075">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#5075">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#5075">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#5075">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Chris Hart wrote:
&gt;<i> I can understand why groups and economy could be linked for various 
</I>&gt;<i> reasons, but I would personally prefer that sort of thing broken apart &#8211; 
</I>&gt;<i> just sharing on building via groups, sharing objects with group, would 
</I>&gt;<i> all be really lovely to have, whereas economy is less of an immediate 
</I>&gt;<i> issue for me (even moreso with rumours of further complications 
</I>&gt;<i> regarding taxation for in-world purchasing 
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://15timez.blogspot.com/2009/02/sl-in-world-transactions-to-be-taxed.html">http://15timez.blogspot.com/2009/02/sl-in-world-transactions-to-be-taxed.html</A>) 
</I>&gt;<i> since I have no aspirations to be a banker or accountant. Having it as 
</I>&gt;<i> an optional extra would be great should my opinion be changed on this 
</I>&gt;<i> matter! J
</I>
In OpenSimulator we've had an agreement (which may not have been stated publicly before) that we will not have any core 
code that deals directly with monetary transactions.

This is to avoid any potential problems in which real money is lost in a transaction on an OpenSimulator system.  We 
will provide the hooks for calling economy code, but the actual economy code itself has to live in a third party module 
or system.

Of course, our license explicitly states that users of the code cannot hold us liable for damages, but it's even clearer 
cut if the code isn't in core OpenSim in the first place.

&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Groups for chat, groups for building &#8211; yes please! Completely understand 
</I>&gt;<i> others wanting &amp; demanding economy and have no desire to dampen any 
</I>&gt;<i> efforts in that area, but if the two are unlinkable in your project then 
</I>&gt;<i> would very much like to see some alternative projects in development. I 
</I>&gt;<i> don&#8217;t see particularly why basic groups like that would have to be a 
</I>&gt;<i> forge project either, rather than a core feature.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Just my 2p.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Chris / Strawberry
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] *On Behalf Of *Michael 
</I>&gt;<i> Huntington
</I>&gt;<i> *Sent:* 13 February 2009 20:55
</I>&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Well, I don't mind sharing a little info.. but remember we're still in 
</I>&gt;<i> planning stages and getting the feature list together. Also I personally 
</I>&gt;<i> don't have a problem having this project open during development. So 
</I>&gt;<i> I'll let Adam and the DeepThink team decide on that... I'll host any 
</I>&gt;<i> files if needed or we can use opensim's gforge. All, I'm doing is 
</I>&gt;<i> sponsoring this project.. because I know how much the community would 
</I>&gt;<i> like groups and other features up and running. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Basically we're working on getting economy and groups running.. and 
</I>&gt;<i> hopefully if Diva accepts our offer, we can get groups working across 
</I>&gt;<i> the Hypergrid... (still working on that). DeepThink already has a list 
</I>&gt;<i> of features listed for how we can safely and securely implement groups 
</I>&gt;<i> and economy.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Again, I'm not the most tech savvy person.. I'm just sponsoring this.. 
</I>&gt;<i> so Adam can share as much info as he likes.. once we come to a 
</I>&gt;<i> conclusion on what the exact features will be ... but so far it seems he 
</I>&gt;<i> understands what we're looking for in the project.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Fri, Feb 13, 2009 at 3:49 PM, Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I think the consensus with Mike is to develop it on the forge, but I'll 
</I>&gt;<i> let him speak for me here since he's sponsoring it and I don't want to 
</I>&gt;<i> say anything  that may be wrong.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Regards,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Adam
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;] *On Behalf Of *Dahlia Trimble
</I>&gt;<i> *Sent:* Friday, 13 February 2009 12:48 PM
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Agreed... something like groups is too complex to be submitted all at 
</I>&gt;<i> once, unless it's a module in forge. I've been working on group chat 
</I>&gt;<i> infrastructure and this could cause conflict unless it's developed in an 
</I>&gt;<i> open manner.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Fri, Feb 13, 2009 at 12:43 PM, Justin Clark-Casey 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  Yep, Mike here has graciously offered to have us develop it for the 
</I>&gt;<i> public domain. With a little luck we should be starting this one soon, 
</I>&gt;<i> along with some other features he's asked for (I won't ruin any 
</I>&gt;<i> suprises, but they are much-asked for).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I don't like to see surprises spoilt either but it would be nice to know 
</I>&gt;<i> what they are sooner rather than later, so that
</I>&gt;<i> nobody wastes time with duplicate development.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Will the development happen in the open commit by commit?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt; [mailto:opensim-dev- 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:opensim-dev-&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;] On Behalf 
</I>&gt;<i> Of Mike Huntington
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Sent: Thursday, 12 February 2009 9:11 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; I'm currently in talks with DeepThink to have this developed for my
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; grid. The work will be donated back to the opensim community once
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; finished.  Hopefully work on this will begin later this month.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Sent from my iPhone
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; On Feb 12, 2009, at 10:46 AM, Ruud Lathrop &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Hi,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Does anybody know if somebody is working on features to implement
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Groups? I see a GroupsModule in Core.Avatar. But that doesn't hold
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; much implementation.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; If nobody is building that, how can I start working on something
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; like that?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Ruud
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> justincc
</I>&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> No virus found in this incoming message.
</I>&gt;<i> Checked by AVG - www.avg.com
</I>&gt;<i> Version: 8.0.234 / Virus Database: 270.10.20/1944 - Release Date: 
</I>&gt;<i> 02/10/09 17:44:00
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>

-- 
justincc
Justin Clark-Casey
<A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005056.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="005025.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#5075">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#5075">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#5075">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#5075">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
