<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Groups%20in%20OpenSim&In-Reply-To=%3C49986456.6070404%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="005052.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="005077.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Groups%20in%20OpenSim&In-Reply-To=%3C49986456.6070404%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sun Feb 15 19:52:06 CET 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005052.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="005077.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#5076">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#5076">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#5076">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#5076">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Frisby, Adam wrote:
&gt;<i> My personal thoughts would be definitely host on the gforge until 
</I>&gt;<i> completion, then decide on whether it goes into core or not (same as 
</I>&gt;<i> hypergrid).
</I>
Personally, considering the modules that are in OpenSim core at the moment, I think that a groups module could 
definitely be considered a core module from the outset (and so be developed in core).  It's by far the biggest piece of 
missing functionality for both an SL-like environment and many of the other virtual environments that one can imagine.

However, having said that it's not as if people have been rushing to implement groups code in core - it has been a 
requested piece of unimplemented functionality for a long time.  So it might be more convenient to develop it outside 
core if non-core developers are going to be working on it.

I guess the situation might be somewhat different again if the groups module also implements integration to other 
systems (perhaps commercial ones) which would be more controversial to place in core.  Though then again I would hope 
that such functionality could be split into further modules, with just the main groups code going into core.

btw, Mike - very glad to see your sponsorship of this as public domain code.  And I very much understand your reluctance 
to talk about sponsored development that hasn't yet been agreed.  All I would say is that the more open everything is, 
the more smoothly everything seems to go in terms of getting code adopted and in terms of interacting with the wider 
OpenSim community.

&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Regards,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Adam
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] *On Behalf Of *Michael 
</I>&gt;<i> Huntington
</I>&gt;<i> *Sent:* Friday, 13 February 2009 12:55 PM
</I>&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Well, I don't mind sharing a little info.. but remember we're still in 
</I>&gt;<i> planning stages and getting the feature list together. Also I personally 
</I>&gt;<i> don't have a problem having this project open during development. So 
</I>&gt;<i> I'll let Adam and the DeepThink team decide on that... I'll host any 
</I>&gt;<i> files if needed or we can use opensim's gforge. All, I'm doing is 
</I>&gt;<i> sponsoring this project.. because I know how much the community would 
</I>&gt;<i> like groups and other features up and running. 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Basically we're working on getting economy and groups running.. and 
</I>&gt;<i> hopefully if Diva accepts our offer, we can get groups working across 
</I>&gt;<i> the Hypergrid... (still working on that). DeepThink already has a list 
</I>&gt;<i> of features listed for how we can safely and securely implement groups 
</I>&gt;<i> and economy.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Again, I'm not the most tech savvy person.. I'm just sponsoring this.. 
</I>&gt;<i> so Adam can share as much info as he likes.. once we come to a 
</I>&gt;<i> conclusion on what the exact features will be ... but so far it seems he 
</I>&gt;<i> understands what we're looking for in the project.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Fri, Feb 13, 2009 at 3:49 PM, Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I think the consensus with Mike is to develop it on the forge, but I'll 
</I>&gt;<i> let him speak for me here since he's sponsoring it and I don't want to 
</I>&gt;<i> say anything  that may be wrong.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Regards,
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Adam
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt; 
</I>&gt;<i> [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;] *On Behalf Of *Dahlia Trimble
</I>&gt;<i> *Sent:* Friday, 13 February 2009 12:48 PM
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Agreed... something like groups is too complex to be submitted all at 
</I>&gt;<i> once, unless it's a module in forge. I've been working on group chat 
</I>&gt;<i> infrastructure and this could cause conflict unless it's developed in an 
</I>&gt;<i> open manner.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Fri, Feb 13, 2009 at 12:43 PM, Justin Clark-Casey 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Yep, Mike here has graciously offered to have us develop it for the 
</I>&gt;<i> public domain. With a little luck we should be starting this one soon, 
</I>&gt;<i> along with some other features he's asked for (I won't ruin any 
</I>&gt;<i> suprises, but they are much-asked for).
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I don't like to see surprises spoilt either but it would be nice to know 
</I>&gt;<i> what they are sooner rather than later, so that
</I>&gt;<i> nobody wastes time with duplicate development.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> Will the development happen in the open commit by commit?
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Adam
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt; [mailto:opensim-dev- 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:opensim-dev-&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;] On 
</I>&gt;<i> Behalf Of Mike Huntington
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; Sent: Thursday, 12 February 2009 9:11 AM
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; I'm currently in talks with DeepThink to have this developed for my
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; grid. The work will be donated back to the opensim community once
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; finished.  Hopefully work on this will begin later this month.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; Sent from my iPhone
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; On Feb 12, 2009, at 10:46 AM, Ruud Lathrop &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A> 
</I>&gt;<i> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; Hi,
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; Does anybody know if somebody is working on features to implement
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; Groups? I see a GroupsModule in Core.Avatar. But that doesn't hold
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; much implementation.
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; If nobody is building that, how can I start working on something
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; like that?
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; Ruud
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>  &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;<i> justincc
</I>&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>

-- 
justincc
Justin Clark-Casey
<A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005052.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="005077.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#5076">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#5076">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#5076">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#5076">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
