<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Groups%20in%20OpenSim&In-Reply-To=%3C6ABFBBBFA9738E47A00F30BC3C74171C1DA159%40kitt.CT.local%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="005111.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="005054.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim</H1>
    <B>Chris Hart</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Groups%20in%20OpenSim&In-Reply-To=%3C6ABFBBBFA9738E47A00F30BC3C74171C1DA159%40kitt.CT.local%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim">Chris at codetorque.co.uk
       </A><BR>
    <I>Sat Feb 14 00:33:43 CET 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005111.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="005054.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#5053">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#5053">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#5053">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#5053">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I can understand why groups and economy could be linked for various
reasons, but I would personally prefer that sort of thing broken apart -
just sharing on building via groups, sharing objects with group, would
all be really lovely to have, whereas economy is less of an immediate
issue for me (even moreso with rumours of further complications
regarding taxation for in-world purchasing
<A HREF="http://15timez.blogspot.com/2009/02/sl-in-world-transactions-to-be-taxed">http://15timez.blogspot.com/2009/02/sl-in-world-transactions-to-be-taxed</A>
.html) since I have no aspirations to be a banker or accountant. Having
it as an optional extra would be great should my opinion be changed on
this matter! J

 

Groups for chat, groups for building - yes please! Completely understand
others wanting &amp; demanding economy and have no desire to dampen any
efforts in that area, but if the two are unlinkable in your project then
would very much like to see some alternative projects in development. I
don't see particularly why basic groups like that would have to be a
forge project either, rather than a core feature.

 

Just my 2p.

 

Chris / Strawberry 

 

From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
[mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Michael
Huntington
Sent: 13 February 2009 20:55
To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim

 

Well, I don't mind sharing a little info.. but remember we're still in
planning stages and getting the feature list together. Also I personally
don't have a problem having this project open during development. So
I'll let Adam and the DeepThink team decide on that... I'll host any
files if needed or we can use opensim's gforge. All, I'm doing is
sponsoring this project.. because I know how much the community would
like groups and other features up and running. 

 

Basically we're working on getting economy and groups running.. and
hopefully if Diva accepts our offer, we can get groups working across
the Hypergrid... (still working on that). DeepThink already has a list
of features listed for how we can safely and securely implement groups
and economy.

 

Again, I'm not the most tech savvy person.. I'm just sponsoring this..
so Adam can share as much info as he likes.. once we come to a
conclusion on what the exact features will be ... but so far it seems he
understands what we're looking for in the project.

 

On Fri, Feb 13, 2009 at 3:49 PM, Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;
wrote:

I think the consensus with Mike is to develop it on the forge, but I'll
let him speak for me here since he's sponsoring it and I don't want to
say anything  that may be wrong.

 

Regards,

 

Adam

 

From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
[mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Dahlia
Trimble
Sent: Friday, 13 February 2009 12:48 PM


To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim

 

Agreed... something like groups is too complex to be submitted all at
once, unless it's a module in forge. I've been working on group chat
infrastructure and this could cause conflict unless it's developed in an
open manner.

On Fri, Feb 13, 2009 at 12:43 PM, Justin Clark-Casey
&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt; wrote:

Frisby, Adam wrote:
&gt;<i> Yep, Mike here has graciously offered to have us develop it for the
</I>public domain. With a little luck we should be starting this one soon,
along with some other features he's asked for (I won't ruin any
suprises, but they are much-asked for).

I don't like to see surprises spoilt either but it would be nice to know
what they are sooner rather than later, so that
nobody wastes time with duplicate development.

Will the development happen in the open commit by commit?


&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Adam
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> [mailto:opensim-dev-
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Mike Huntington
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Sent: Thursday, 12 February 2009 9:11 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I'm currently in talks with DeepThink to have this developed for my
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> grid. The work will be donated back to the opensim community once
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> finished.  Hopefully work on this will begin later this month.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Sent from my iPhone
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Feb 12, 2009, at 10:46 AM, Ruud Lathrop &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Hi,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Does anybody know if somebody is working on features to implement
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Groups? I see a GroupsModule in Core.Avatar. But that doesn't hold
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> much implementation.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> If nobody is building that, how can I start working on something
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> like that?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Ruud
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>
--
justincc
Justin Clark-Casey
<A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>

_______________________________________________
Opensim-dev mailing list
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>

 


_______________________________________________
Opensim-dev mailing list
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>

 

No virus found in this incoming message.
Checked by AVG - www.avg.com
Version: 8.0.234 / Virus Database: 270.10.20/1944 - Release Date:
02/10/09 17:44:00

-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090213/749d1105/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090213/749d1105/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005111.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="005054.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#5053">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#5053">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#5053">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#5053">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
