<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Groups%20in%20OpenSim&In-Reply-To=%3C170fa1780902160916t4ac8d168xf1c7e0f8d465b1b5%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="005100.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="005111.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim</H1>
    <B>James Stallings II</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Groups%20in%20OpenSim&In-Reply-To=%3C170fa1780902160916t4ac8d168xf1c7e0f8d465b1b5%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim">james.stallings at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Feb 16 18:16:27 CET 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005100.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="005111.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#5107">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#5107">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#5107">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#5107">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>This is a great thread y'all keep up the great work :)

Mike, all I have to say to you about this is *Thank you SO much* :)

Cheers


On Mon, Feb 16, 2009 at 8:39 AM, Michael Huntington &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">mellomike at gmail.com</A>&gt;wrote:

&gt;<i> Hi Ruud,
</I>&gt;<i> Here are some of the features currently set in stone for development..
</I>&gt;<i> DeepThink seems to be setting the foundation for groups.. making sure it
</I>&gt;<i> functions correctly ... If any developers would like to add on to this, that
</I>&gt;<i> would be great.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Groups Group Chat Group Permissions Group Titles Group Ownership Group
</I>&gt;<i> Payments (optional I'm sure)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Mon, Feb 16, 2009 at 8:25 AM, Ruud Lathrop &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A>&gt;wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Its great to hear that something is done about a missing but very
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> important feature. I love to work on it to. But if somebody wants to sponsor
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> a company to do it, that is fine with me. I do like to see what they are
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> doing and maybe add something to it (Make the implementation to MSSQL).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Foremost I like to see the following things implemented in groups:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Of course create/edit/invite etc for groups
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Set permissions to groups of land/objects, work together on projects.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> - Create group chats.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Hope to see the project started soon. And maybe in release 0.7 we have
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> groups :)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Ruud
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> On Mon, Feb 16, 2009 at 10:39 AM, Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  The only concern I have here is that a good deal of this work is being
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> done by our Shanghai office and me and Mike are the only guys with commit
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> rights, so doing the morning checkin to core is a bit of a chore. (Whereas I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> can give everyone svn access on the forge)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> [mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] *On Behalf Of *Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *Sent:* Monday, 16 February 2009 1:03 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Yeah,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I think 'groups' in terms of minimal implementations of functions as
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> defined by our reference client the official Second Life(tm) virtual worlds
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> viewer, is definitively a core module.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I believe that if this central work is done in core instead of on forge,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> it will give us lots of valuable opportunity to help, discuss and react to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> changes, instead of it being a 'mushroom' in a corner of the room.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Tribal Media AB
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  ------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Date: Sun, 15 Feb 2009 11:49:14 -0800
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">cfk at pacbell.net</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Personally, I would suggest that &quot;groups&quot; is an enabling technology and I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> would concur that seperating economy notions from groups is a good thing.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> For &quot;groups&quot; functionality, the ability to form groups and have group
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> communicaton similar to our IRC channels currently would go a long ways to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> fleshing out and testing additional functionality under load. We need to use
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> our sims more to understand where the limits are.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Additionally, adding the logic for group ownership of land and objects
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> will help us get closer to a reasonable permissions model and thence closer
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to 0.7 for OpenSim.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Charles
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  ------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *From:* Justin Clark-Casey &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *Sent:* Sunday, February 15, 2009 10:52:06 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; My personal thoughts would be definitely host on the gforge until
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; completion, then decide on whether it goes into core or not (same as
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; hypergrid).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Personally, considering the modules that are in OpenSim core at the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> moment, I think that a groups module could
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> definitely be considered a core module from the outset (and so be
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> developed in core).  It's by far the biggest piece of
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> missing functionality for both an SL-like environment and many of the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> other virtual environments that one can imagine.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> However, having said that it's not as if people have been rushing to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> implement groups code in core - it has been a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> requested piece of unimplemented functionality for a long time.  So it
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> might be more convenient to develop it outside
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> core if non-core developers are going to be working on it.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I guess the situation might be somewhat different again if the groups
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> module also implements integration to other
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> systems (perhaps commercial ones) which would be more controversial to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> place in core.  Though then again I would hope
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> that such functionality could be split into further modules, with just
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the main groups code going into core.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> btw, Mike - very glad to see your sponsorship of this as public domain
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> code.  And I very much understand your reluctance
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to talk about sponsored development that hasn't yet been agreed.  All I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> would say is that the more open everything is,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the more smoothly everything seems to go in terms of getting code adopted
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and in terms of interacting with the wider
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSim community.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] *On Behalf Of *Michael
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Huntington
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *Sent:* Friday, 13 February 2009 12:55 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Well, I don't mind sharing a little info.. but remember we're still in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; planning stages and getting the feature list together. Also I
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> personally
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; don't have a problem having this project open during development. So
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; I'll let Adam and the DeepThink team decide on that... I'll host any
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; files if needed or we can use opensim's gforge. All, I'm doing is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; sponsoring this project.. because I know how much the community would
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; like groups and other features up and running.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Basically we're working on getting economy and groups running.. and
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; hopefully if Diva accepts our offer, we can get groups working across
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; the Hypergrid... (still working on that). DeepThink already has a list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; of features listed for how we can safely and securely implement groups
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; and economy.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Again, I'm not the most tech savvy person.. I'm just sponsoring this..
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; so Adam can share as much info as he likes.. once we come to a
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; conclusion on what the exact features will be ... but so far it seems
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> he
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; understands what we're looking for in the project.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; On Fri, Feb 13, 2009 at 3:49 PM, Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; I think the consensus with Mike is to develop it on the forge, but I'll
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; let him speak for me here since he's sponsoring it and I don't want to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; say anything  that may be wrong.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;] *On Behalf Of *Dahlia
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Trimble
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *Sent:* Friday, 13 February 2009 12:48 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Agreed... something like groups is too complex to be submitted all at
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; once, unless it's a module in forge. I've been working on group chat
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; infrastructure and this could cause conflict unless it's developed in
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> an
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; open manner.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; On Fri, Feb 13, 2009 at 12:43 PM, Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Yep, Mike here has graciously offered to have us develop it for the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; public domain. With a little luck we should be starting this one soon,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; along with some other features he's asked for (I won't ruin any
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; suprises, but they are much-asked for).
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; I don't like to see surprises spoilt either but it would be nice to
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> know
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; what they are sooner rather than later, so that
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; nobody wastes time with duplicate development.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Will the development happen in the open commit by commit?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt; [mailto:opensim-dev-
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:opensim-dev-&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;] On
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Behalf Of Mike Huntington
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; Sent: Thursday, 12 February 2009 9:11 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; I'm currently in talks with DeepThink to have this developed for my
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; grid. The work will be donated back to the opensim community once
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; finished.  Hopefully work on this will begin later this month.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; Sent from my iPhone
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; On Feb 12, 2009, at 10:46 AM, Ruud Lathrop &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; Hi,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; Does anybody know if somebody is working on features to implement
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; Groups? I see a GroupsModule in Core.Avatar. But that doesn't hold
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; much implementation.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; If nobody is building that, how can I start working on something
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; like that?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; Ruud
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; justincc
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> justincc
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>

-- 
===================================
<A HREF="http://osgrid.org">http://osgrid.org</A>
<A HREF="http://del.icio.us/SPQR">http://del.icio.us/SPQR</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/jstallings2">http://twitter.com/jstallings2</A>
<A HREF="http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49">http://www.linkedin.com/pub/5/770/a49</A>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090216/8f787ad7/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090216/8f787ad7/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005100.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="005111.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#5107">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#5107">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#5107">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#5107">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
