<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-February/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Groups%20in%20OpenSim&In-Reply-To=%3Cf44e007e0902160639m79b534e9jcf40b5de43da84e7%40mail.gmail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="005099.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="005107.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim</H1>
    <B>Michael Huntington</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Groups%20in%20OpenSim&In-Reply-To=%3Cf44e007e0902160639m79b534e9jcf40b5de43da84e7%40mail.gmail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim">mellomike at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Mon Feb 16 15:39:44 CET 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005099.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="005107.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#5100">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#5100">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#5100">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#5100">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi Ruud,
Here are some of the features currently set in stone for development..
DeepThink seems to be setting the foundation for groups.. making sure it
functions correctly ... If any developers would like to add on to this, that
would be great.

Groups Group Chat Group Permissions Group Titles Group Ownership Group
Payments (optional I'm sure)



On Mon, Feb 16, 2009 at 8:25 AM, Ruud Lathrop &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A>&gt;wrote:

&gt;<i> Its great to hear that something is done about a missing but very important
</I>&gt;<i> feature. I love to work on it to. But if somebody wants to sponsor a company
</I>&gt;<i> to do it, that is fine with me. I do like to see what they are doing and
</I>&gt;<i> maybe add something to it (Make the implementation to MSSQL).
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Foremost I like to see the following things implemented in groups:
</I>&gt;<i> - Of course create/edit/invite etc for groups
</I>&gt;<i> - Set permissions to groups of land/objects, work together on projects.
</I>&gt;<i> - Create group chats.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Hope to see the project started soon. And maybe in release 0.7 we have
</I>&gt;<i> groups :)
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Ruud
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> On Mon, Feb 16, 2009 at 10:39 AM, Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  The only concern I have here is that a good deal of this work is being
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> done by our Shanghai office and me and Mike are the only guys with commit
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> rights, so doing the morning checkin to core is a bit of a chore. (Whereas I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> can give everyone svn access on the forge)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> [mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] *On Behalf Of *Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *Sent:* Monday, 16 February 2009 1:03 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Yeah,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I think 'groups' in terms of minimal implementations of functions as
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> defined by our reference client the official Second Life(tm) virtual worlds
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> viewer, is definitively a core module.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I believe that if this central work is done in core instead of on forge,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> it will give us lots of valuable opportunity to help, discuss and react to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> changes, instead of it being a 'mushroom' in a corner of the room.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Tribal Media AB
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  ------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Date: Sun, 15 Feb 2009 11:49:14 -0800
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">cfk at pacbell.net</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Personally, I would suggest that &quot;groups&quot; is an enabling technology and I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> would concur that seperating economy notions from groups is a good thing.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> For &quot;groups&quot; functionality, the ability to form groups and have group
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> communicaton similar to our IRC channels currently would go a long ways to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> fleshing out and testing additional functionality under load. We need to use
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> our sims more to understand where the limits are.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Additionally, adding the logic for group ownership of land and objects
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> will help us get closer to a reasonable permissions model and thence closer
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> to 0.7 for OpenSim.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Charles
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>  ------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *From:* Justin Clark-Casey &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *Sent:* Sunday, February 15, 2009 10:52:06 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; My personal thoughts would be definitely host on the gforge until
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; completion, then decide on whether it goes into core or not (same as
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; hypergrid).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Personally, considering the modules that are in OpenSim core at the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> moment, I think that a groups module could
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> definitely be considered a core module from the outset (and so be
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> developed in core).  It's by far the biggest piece of
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> missing functionality for both an SL-like environment and many of the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> other virtual environments that one can imagine.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> However, having said that it's not as if people have been rushing to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> implement groups code in core - it has been a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> requested piece of unimplemented functionality for a long time.  So it
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> might be more convenient to develop it outside
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> core if non-core developers are going to be working on it.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> I guess the situation might be somewhat different again if the groups
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> module also implements integration to other
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> systems (perhaps commercial ones) which would be more controversial to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> place in core.  Though then again I would hope
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> that such functionality could be split into further modules, with just the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> main groups code going into core.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> btw, Mike - very glad to see your sponsorship of this as public domain
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> code.  And I very much understand your reluctance
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> to talk about sponsored development that hasn't yet been agreed.  All I
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> would say is that the more open everything is,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> the more smoothly everything seems to go in terms of getting code adopted
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> and in terms of interacting with the wider
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSim community.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] *On Behalf Of *Michael
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Huntington
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *Sent:* Friday, 13 February 2009 12:55 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Well, I don't mind sharing a little info.. but remember we're still in
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; planning stages and getting the feature list together. Also I personally
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; don't have a problem having this project open during development. So
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; I'll let Adam and the DeepThink team decide on that... I'll host any
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; files if needed or we can use opensim's gforge. All, I'm doing is
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; sponsoring this project.. because I know how much the community would
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; like groups and other features up and running.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Basically we're working on getting economy and groups running.. and
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; hopefully if Diva accepts our offer, we can get groups working across
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; the Hypergrid... (still working on that). DeepThink already has a list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; of features listed for how we can safely and securely implement groups
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; and economy.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Again, I'm not the most tech savvy person.. I'm just sponsoring this..
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; so Adam can share as much info as he likes.. once we come to a
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; conclusion on what the exact features will be ... but so far it seems he
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; understands what we're looking for in the project.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; On Fri, Feb 13, 2009 at 3:49 PM, Frisby, Adam &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">adam at deepthink.com.au</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; I think the consensus with Mike is to develop it on the forge, but I'll
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; let him speak for me here since he's sponsoring it and I don't want to
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; say anything  that may be wrong.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *From:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; [mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;] *On Behalf Of *Dahlia
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Trimble
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *Sent:* Friday, 13 February 2009 12:48 PM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *To:* <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; *Subject:* Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Agreed... something like groups is too complex to be submitted all at
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; once, unless it's a module in forge. I've been working on group chat
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; infrastructure and this could cause conflict unless it's developed in an
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; open manner.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; On Fri, Feb 13, 2009 at 12:43 PM, Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">jjustincc at googlemail.com</A>&gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Frisby, Adam wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Yep, Mike here has graciously offered to have us develop it for the
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; public domain. With a little luck we should be starting this one soon,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; along with some other features he's asked for (I won't ruin any
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; suprises, but they are much-asked for).
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; I don't like to see surprises spoilt either but it would be nice to know
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; what they are sooner rather than later, so that
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; nobody wastes time with duplicate development.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Will the development happen in the open commit by commit?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Adam
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; -----Original Message-----
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt; [mailto:opensim-dev-
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:opensim-dev-&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;] On
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Behalf Of Mike Huntington
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; Sent: Thursday, 12 February 2009 9:11 AM
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; I'm currently in talks with DeepThink to have this developed for my
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; grid. The work will be donated back to the opensim community once
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; finished.  Hopefully work on this will begin later this month.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; Sent from my iPhone
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; On Feb 12, 2009, at 10:46 AM, Ruud Lathrop &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ruud.lathrop at gmail.com</A>&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; Hi,
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; Does anybody know if somebody is working on features to implement
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; Groups? I see a GroupsModule in Core.Avatar. But that doesn't hold
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; much implementation.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; If nobody is building that, how can I start working on something
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; like that?
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; Ruud
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;&gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;  &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; justincc
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A> &lt;mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> justincc
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://justincc.wordpress.com">http://justincc.wordpress.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090216/8ac339a8/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20090216/8ac339a8/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005099.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="005107.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups in OpenSim
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#5100">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#5100">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#5100">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#5100">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
