<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev August 2011 Archive by author</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>August 2011 Archives by author</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Wed Aug  3 03:39:55 CEST 2011</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Wed Aug 31 01:16:02 CEST 2011</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 65<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="010395.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10395">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Makiko Nomura (Makopoppo)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010396.html">[Opensim-dev] The thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10396">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Makiko Nomura (Makopoppo)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010399.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10399">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Makiko Nomura (Makopoppo)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010401.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10401">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Makiko Nomura (Makopoppo)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010402.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10402">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Makiko Nomura (Makopoppo)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010404.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10404">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Makiko Nomura (Makopoppo)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010428.html">[Opensim-dev] Plugins
</A><A NAME="10428">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adams, Robert
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010456.html">[Opensim-dev] BulletSim in master
</A><A NAME="10456">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adams, Robert
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010423.html">[Opensim-dev] Welcoming Nebadon and Snoopy to the core OpenSimulator dev team
</A><A NAME="10423">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010450.html">[Opensim-dev] Watchdog timeouts frequent on update to latest 0.7.2	dev?
</A><A NAME="10450">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010446.html">[Opensim-dev] Extract OAR Files
</A><A NAME="10446">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gustavo Alberto Navarro Bilbao
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010420.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSimulator Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10420">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010433.html">[Opensim-dev] Quick note about 5e231acdce7a
</A><A NAME="10433">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010406.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10406">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010411.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10411">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010419.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSimulator Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10419">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010421.html">[Opensim-dev] Welcoming Nebadon and Snoopy to the core	OpenSimulator dev team
</A><A NAME="10421">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010422.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSimulator Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10422">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010426.html">[Opensim-dev] Plugins
</A><A NAME="10426">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010430.html">[Opensim-dev] OSSL NPC functions available here
</A><A NAME="10430">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010432.html">[Opensim-dev] The Overte Foundation
</A><A NAME="10432">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010448.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10448">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010451.html">[Opensim-dev] Watchdog timeouts frequent on update to latest 0.7.2	dev?
</A><A NAME="10451">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010440.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10440">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Collins
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010447.html">[Opensim-dev] Extract OAR Files
</A><A NAME="10447">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kevin Cozens
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010427.html">[Opensim-dev] Plugins
</A><A NAME="10427">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gerhard D&#252;nnebeil
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010435.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10435">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Umar Farooq
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010437.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10437">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Umar Farooq
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010417.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem with freeswitch
</A><A NAME="10417">&nbsp;</A>
<I>R. Gunther
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010424.html">[Opensim-dev] BulletSim on 64-bit Linux
</A><A NAME="10424">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert A. Knop Jr.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010392.html">[Opensim-dev] ScienceSim DSG testing - Wednesday 9AM PDT (UTC-7)
</A><A NAME="10392">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lake, Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010416.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem with freeswitch
</A><A NAME="10416">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tanguy Lambert
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010418.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem with freeswitch
</A><A NAME="10418">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tanguy Lambert
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010393.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSimulator Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10393">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nomura Makiko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010398.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10398">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nomura Makiko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010408.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10408">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nomura Makiko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010409.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10409">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nomura Makiko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010410.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10410">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nomura Makiko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010414.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSimulator Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10414">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nomura Makiko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010445.html">[Opensim-dev] Extract OAR Files
</A><A NAME="10445">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010434.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10434">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Levi Martson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010436.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10436">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Levi Martson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010438.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10438">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Levi Martson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010441.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10441">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Levi Martson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010442.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10442">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Levi Martson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010443.html">[Opensim-dev] Extract OAR Files
</A><A NAME="10443">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Levi Martson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010454.html">[Opensim-dev] first run (2)
</A><A NAME="10454">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Levi Martson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010425.html">[Opensim-dev] Plugins
</A><A NAME="10425">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tyler McMaster
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010429.html">[Opensim-dev] Plugins
</A><A NAME="10429">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tyler McMaster
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010400.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10400">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010403.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10403">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010413.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSimulator Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10413">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010415.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSimulator Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10415">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010452.html">[Opensim-dev] first run
</A><A NAME="10452">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jean-Louis Noel
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010453.html">[Opensim-dev] first run (2)
</A><A NAME="10453">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jean-Louis Noel
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010455.html">[Opensim-dev] first run (2)
</A><A NAME="10455">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jean-Louis Noel
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010407.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10407">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Karen Palen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010431.html">[Opensim-dev] The Overte Foundation
</A><A NAME="10431">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Void Pipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010449.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10449">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Void Pipe
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010439.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10439">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Timeless Prototype
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010444.html">[Opensim-dev] Configuring 4 Region Server
</A><A NAME="10444">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Timeless Prototype
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010397.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10397">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010405.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10405">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010412.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSimulator Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10412">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="010394.html">[Opensim-dev] Some thought about OpenSim Wiki future
</A><A NAME="10394">&nbsp;</A>
<I>&#37326;&#26449; &#40635;&#32000;&#23376;
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Wed Aug 31 01:16:02 CEST 2011</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:50 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

