<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2009-April/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20WG%3A%20Legal%20Issues%20was%20RFC%20Profiles&In-Reply-To=%3C5345B87AC48F4DFA859C6B95C485CF2A%40KEVINPC%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="005994.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="005993.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles</H1>
    <B>Mystical Demina</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20WG%3A%20Legal%20Issues%20was%20RFC%20Profiles&In-Reply-To=%3C5345B87AC48F4DFA859C6B95C485CF2A%40KEVINPC%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles">MysticalDemina at xrgrid.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Thu Apr  2 05:06:11 CEST 2009</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005994.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="005993.html">[Opensim-dev] Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6002">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6002">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6002">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6002">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Just to add to this, I think it is a good point.  Is there a definition of
what needs to be completed to move OpenSim from Alpha to Beta and to release
or will it be in Alpha continuously?  As such I would suggest these kinds of
features could wait till core has reach release stage.

Kevin Tweedy
IRC: Mystical

-----Original Message-----
From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>
[mailto:<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev-bounces at lists.berlios.de</A>] On Behalf Of Mike Dickson
Sent: Wednesday, April 01, 2009 9:59 AM
To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles

Wnat I'm actually trying to say is that core should be the framework it
was intended to be. So rather than put something to support
communicating license models for content in core I'd prefer to see it as
an add on in forge.  Heck, I'd really honestly prefer hypergrid was the
same way. In short I'm advocating putting less in core as opposed to any
specific way to handle licensing. I'm fine if someone wants to develop
add-on functionality in forge to do that and if others want to download
it and enable it on their grid. IMO, thats the right model for
functionality of this sort.

Mike

On Wed, 2009-04-01 at 06:22 +0000, Ralf Haifisch wrote:
&gt;<i> Exactly, this and means to identify the creator - even using hypergrid.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> ------------------------------
</I>&gt;<i> Date: Tue, 31 Mar 2009 15:48:57 -0700
</I>&gt;<i> From: Dahlia Trimble &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">dahliatrimble at gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</I>&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">mike.dickson at hp.com</A>, <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> Message-ID:
</I>&gt;<i> 	&lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">ab84ceb10903311548o2146dc26r357bfb928fa1b927 at mail.gmail.com</A>&gt;
</I>&gt;<i> Content-Type: text/plain; charset=&quot;iso-8859-1&quot;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> I don't think anyone is suggesting that OpenSim core should mandate any
</I>&gt;<i> licensing scenario, but rather should OpenSim provide any hooks necessary
</I>&gt;<i> for content creators to specify asset-specific licenses beyond
</I>&gt;<i> Copy/Mod/Transfer. Whether those hooks are functional and whatever
</I>defaults
&gt;<i> are in place would likely be an installation specific configuration.
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> On Tue, Mar 31, 2009 at 3:26 PM, Mike Dickson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">mike.dickson at hp.com</A>&gt; wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; If as a creator I want to add a notecard to my object indicating the
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; licensing terms I want to apply when someone has a copy of or rez's my
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; object I'm free to do so.  Heck I could even get fancy and script it
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; asking for a click-through menu response or something.  I'm not against
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; licensing of objects.  Just don't pollute what is IMO an already a tad
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; over-complex OpenSim core with it.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Content licensing is a matter for the grid TOS and individual content
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; providers on that grid.  Not, IMO something that OpenSIM core needs to
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; worry about or address.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Mike
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; On Tue, 2009-03-31 at 21:08 +0000, Ralf Haifisch wrote:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; Dear all,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; i while ago i went over the legal side of many aspects with 2 lawyer.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; Since this is a multinational question and in many cases has not
</I>&gt;<i> exampels
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; (e.g. no judgments by court) it tends to be a discussion based on
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; personal
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; flavor, but not legal facts.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; And yes, maybe there is enough mud for the whole 3D web.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; But to come to the point:
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; - I don?t know any country, where having the ability to add a
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; hypergrid-aware note about the creator and a license (hint, url,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; notecard)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; would have negative impact
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; - I know a few countrys where it would realy help from legal side
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; - it would be a clear sign, that the opensim crew takes care about
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; content
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; rights and ownership
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; And yes, this only is another brick in the wall of copyright
</I>protection.
&gt;<i> &gt; We
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; still have RL laws, we still need secure technical system, rights
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; management
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; etc etc...
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; And spoken in sex beds, I am more afraid about the pure mass von
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; animations
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; etc - a few more notecards don?t worry me to much.   :-)
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; So - if it is possible somehow, please add it.
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; Just my 2 cent...
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; Cheers,
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt; Ralf
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt; <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;<i> &gt;
</I>&gt;<i> 
</I>&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>-- 
Mike Dickson &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">mike.dickson at hp.com</A>&gt;
BladeSystem infrastructure R&amp;D

_______________________________________________
Opensim-dev mailing list
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>



</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="005994.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="005993.html">[Opensim-dev] Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#6002">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#6002">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#6002">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#6002">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
