<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev April 2009 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>April 2009 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Wed Apr  1 00:26:36 CEST 2009</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Thu Apr 30 21:55:24 CEST 2009</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 405<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="005982.html">[Opensim-dev] WG:  Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5982">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005983.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5983">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005984.html">[Opensim-dev] Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5984">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Yourtchenko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005985.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5985">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralf Haifisch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005986.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5986">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Yourtchenko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005987.html">[Opensim-dev] WG:  Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5987">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005988.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5988">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005989.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5989">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Yourtchenko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005990.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5990">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005991.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5991">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005992.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5992">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005993.html">[Opensim-dev] Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5993">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005994.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="5994">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005995.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to change user ID types in prims table to support external user profiles.
</A><A NAME="5995">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005996.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to change user ID types in prims table to support external user profiles.
</A><A NAME="5996">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005997.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to change user ID types in prims table to support external user profiles.
</A><A NAME="5997">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005998.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to change user ID types in prims table to support external user profiles.
</A><A NAME="5998">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="005999.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to change user ID types in prims table to support external user profiles.
</A><A NAME="5999">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006000.html">[Opensim-dev] Rev 8957  PIDFile
</A><A NAME="6000">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralf Haifisch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006001.html">[Opensim-dev] Rev 8957  PIDFile
</A><A NAME="6001">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006002.html">[Opensim-dev] WG: Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="6002">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mystical Demina
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006003.html">[Opensim-dev] Rev 8957 PIDFile
</A><A NAME="6003">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sacha Magne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006004.html">[Opensim-dev] new release system - 6.4
</A><A NAME="6004">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralf Haifisch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006046.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding scripts to SceneObjectPart
</A><A NAME="6046">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Herzog
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006005.html">[Opensim-dev] new release system - 0.6.4
</A><A NAME="6005">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006006.html">[Opensim-dev]  Adding scripts to SceneObjectPart
</A><A NAME="6006">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Herzog
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006007.html">[Opensim-dev] Object spin?
</A><A NAME="6007">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006008.html">[Opensim-dev] Rev 8957 PIDFile
</A><A NAME="6008">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006009.html">[Opensim-dev] Rev 8957 PIDFile
</A><A NAME="6009">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006010.html">[Opensim-dev] Rev 8957 PIDFile
</A><A NAME="6010">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralf Haifisch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006011.html">[Opensim-dev] Rev 8957 PIDFile
</A><A NAME="6011">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sacha Magne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006012.html">[Opensim-dev] New language for Downloads Page
</A><A NAME="6012">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006013.html">[Opensim-dev] New language for Downloads Page
</A><A NAME="6013">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006014.html">[Opensim-dev] New language for Downloads Page
</A><A NAME="6014">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006015.html">[Opensim-dev] New language for Downloads Page
</A><A NAME="6015">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006016.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6016">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Eugen Leitl
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006017.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6017">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006018.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6018">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006019.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6019">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006020.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6020">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006021.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6021">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006022.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6022">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006023.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6023">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006024.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6024">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006025.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6025">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Eugen Leitl
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006026.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6026">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006027.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6027">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006028.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6028">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006029.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6029">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006030.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6030">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006031.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 20, Issue 10
</A><A NAME="6031">&nbsp;</A>
<I>DZO
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006032.html">[Opensim-dev] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6032">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thom King
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006034.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6034">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006035.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6035">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006033.html">[Opensim-dev] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6033">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006036.html">[Opensim-dev] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6036">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006037.html">[Opensim-dev] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6037">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall Slade
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006038.html">[Opensim-dev] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6038">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006039.html">[Opensim-dev] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6039">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006040.html">[Opensim-dev] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6040">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006041.html">[Opensim-dev] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6041">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006042.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6042">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thom King
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006043.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] This will NEVER go away
</A><A NAME="6043">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006047.html">[Opensim-dev] Everyone's moderated, cooling down phase
</A><A NAME="6047">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006049.html">[Opensim-dev] Bug or Feature? :( A sim is constantly taking	abnormal ram space and eventually crashes after a few hours.
</A><A NAME="6049">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006050.html">[Opensim-dev] Facebook app: inventory trade
</A><A NAME="6050">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006051.html">[Opensim-dev] Facebook app: inventory trade
</A><A NAME="6051">&nbsp;</A>
<I>MW
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006052.html">[Opensim-dev] Facebook app: inventory trade
</A><A NAME="6052">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006053.html">[Opensim-dev] Facebook app: inventory trade
</A><A NAME="6053">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006054.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6054">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006055.html">[Opensim-dev] Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="6055">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006057.html">[Opensim-dev] (no subject)
</A><A NAME="6057">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006058.html">[Opensim-dev] Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="6058">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mystical Demina
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006059.html">[Opensim-dev] Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="6059">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006060.html">[Opensim-dev] Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="6060">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mystical Demina
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006061.html">[Opensim-dev] BadumnaSim
</A><A NAME="6061">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006062.html">[Opensim-dev] Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="6062">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006063.html">[Opensim-dev] Facebook app: inventory trade
</A><A NAME="6063">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006064.html">[Opensim-dev] Bug or Feature? :( A sim is constantly	taking	abnormal ram space and eventually crashes after a few hours.
</A><A NAME="6064">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralf Haifisch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006066.html">[Opensim-dev] BadumnaSim
</A><A NAME="6066">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gustavo Alberto Navarro Bilbao
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006065.html">[Opensim-dev] Social Networking Sites &lt;-&gt; SL/Opensim
</A><A NAME="6065">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006067.html">[Opensim-dev] BadumnaSim
</A><A NAME="6067">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006068.html">[Opensim-dev] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6068">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006069.html">[Opensim-dev] Bug or Feature? :( A sim is constantly	taking	abnormal ram space and eventually crashes after a few hours.
</A><A NAME="6069">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Sheridan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006070.html">[Opensim-dev] Legal Issues was RFC Profiles
</A><A NAME="6070">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Andrew Yourtchenko
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006071.html">[Opensim-dev] On Revisions, tags and branches
</A><A NAME="6071">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006072.html">[Opensim-dev] On Revisions, tags and branches
</A><A NAME="6072">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006056.html">[Opensim-dev] (no subject)
</A><A NAME="6056">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason Fisher
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006073.html">[Opensim-dev] On Revisions, tags and branches
</A><A NAME="6073">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006074.html">[Opensim-dev] On Revisions, tags and branches
</A><A NAME="6074">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006076.html">[Opensim-dev] God tools and opensim web interface
</A><A NAME="6076">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006077.html">[Opensim-dev] God tools and opensim web interface
</A><A NAME="6077">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006078.html">[Opensim-dev] God tools and opensim web interface
</A><A NAME="6078">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006079.html">[Opensim-dev] On Revisions, tags and branches
</A><A NAME="6079">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006080.html">[Opensim-dev] On Revisions, tags and branches
</A><A NAME="6080">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006081.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists]  Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6081">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Eugen Leitl
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006082.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6082">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006083.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6083">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006084.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists]  Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6084">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006085.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists]  Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6085">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006086.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists]  Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6086">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006087.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists]  Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6087">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006089.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6089">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006088.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6088">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006090.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6090">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006091.html">[Opensim-dev] [linux-elitists] Mono considered harmful
</A><A NAME="6091">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006075.html">[Opensim-dev] God tools and opensim web interface
</A><A NAME="6075">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason Fisher
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006092.html">[Opensim-dev] [Fwd: Re: Proposal for an OpenSim session at	Metaverse U conference]
</A><A NAME="6092">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006093.html">[Opensim-dev] [Fwd: Re: Proposal for an OpenSim session at	Metaverse U conference]
</A><A NAME="6093">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006094.html">[Opensim-dev] Need OpenSim voice options
</A><A NAME="6094">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mystical Demina
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006095.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim web interface (Wiredux) paypal payments
</A><A NAME="6095">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason Fisher
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006096.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim web interface (Wiredux) paypal payments
</A><A NAME="6096">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sacha Magne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006097.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim web interface (Wiredux) paypal payments
</A><A NAME="6097">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006098.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim web interface (Wiredux) paypal payments
</A><A NAME="6098">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sacha Magne
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006099.html">[Opensim-dev] Need OpenSim voice options
</A><A NAME="6099">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Arthur Valadares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006100.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim web interface (Wiredux) paypal payments
</A><A NAME="6100">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006101.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim web interface (Wiredux) paypal payments
</A><A NAME="6101">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006102.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r9036 - in trunk/OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6102">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mikko Pallari
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006103.html">[Opensim-dev] Backports Testing Request
</A><A NAME="6103">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006104.html">[Opensim-dev] Mysql help request
</A><A NAME="6104">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Giorgio Servillo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006105.html">[Opensim-dev] Mysql help request
</A><A NAME="6105">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006106.html">[Opensim-dev] Mysql help request
</A><A NAME="6106">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006107.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r9036 - in trunk/OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6107">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006108.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r9036 - in trunk/OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6108">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006109.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r9036 - in trunk/OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6109">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006110.html">[Opensim-dev] Custom Nunit CategoryAttribute
</A><A NAME="6110">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006111.html">[Opensim-dev] Backports Testing Request
</A><A NAME="6111">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006112.html">[Opensim-dev] Migration SQL invalid causing server to fail to start
</A><A NAME="6112">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006113.html">[Opensim-dev] Export avatar shape to OBJ format??
</A><A NAME="6113">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006114.html">[Opensim-dev] Migration SQL invalid causing server to fail to start
</A><A NAME="6114">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Sheridan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006115.html">[Opensim-dev] Export avatar shape to OBJ format??
</A><A NAME="6115">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alexandr Demin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006116.html">[Opensim-dev] Migration SQL invalid causing server to fail to start
</A><A NAME="6116">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006117.html">[Opensim-dev] Export avatar shape to OBJ format??
</A><A NAME="6117">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006118.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this anything to worry about?
</A><A NAME="6118">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Colin B. Withers
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006119.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this anything to worry about?
</A><A NAME="6119">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006120.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this anything to worry about?
</A><A NAME="6120">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thomas Grimshaw
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006121.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this anything to worry about?
</A><A NAME="6121">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006122.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this anything to worry about?
</A><A NAME="6122">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralf Haifisch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006123.html">[Opensim-dev] Is this anything to worry about?
</A><A NAME="6123">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006124.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6124">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006125.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6125">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006126.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6126">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006127.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6127">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006128.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6128">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006129.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6129">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006130.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6130">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006131.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal: Drop VS 2005 suppost [Was: C# 3.0 vs .Net 2]
</A><A NAME="6131">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006132.html">[Opensim-dev] trunk svn build unusable??
</A><A NAME="6132">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006133.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6133">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006134.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r9036 - in trunk/OpenSim
</A><A NAME="6134">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006135.html">[Opensim-dev] region names case-sensitive?
</A><A NAME="6135">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeff Ames
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006136.html">[Opensim-dev] region names case-sensitive?
</A><A NAME="6136">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006137.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6137">&nbsp;</A>
<I>DZO
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006138.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6138">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006139.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6139">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006140.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6140">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006141.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6141">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006142.html">[Opensim-dev] Security: multiple or the most generic?
</A><A NAME="6142">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006143.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future	region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6143">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006144.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future	region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6144">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Homer Horwitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006145.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the	future	region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6145">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006146.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6146">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006147.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the	future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6147">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006148.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6148">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006149.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the	future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6149">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006150.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the	future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6150">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006151.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the	future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6151">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006152.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future	region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6152">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006153.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6153">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006154.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6154">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006155.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6155">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006156.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6156">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006157.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5 Release Candidate 1	Prospects
</A><A NAME="6157">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006158.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5 Release Candidate 1	Prospects
</A><A NAME="6158">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006159.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5 Release Candidate 1 Prospects
</A><A NAME="6159">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thomas Grimshaw
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006160.html">[Opensim-dev] region names case-sensitive?
</A><A NAME="6160">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeff Ames
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006161.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6161">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Johan Berntsson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006162.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6162">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006163.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6163">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Sheridan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006165.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6165">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006164.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5 Release Candidate	1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6164">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006166.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5 Release	Candidate	1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6166">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralf Haifisch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006167.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6167">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006168.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6168">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thomas Grimshaw
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006169.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6169">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006170.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6170">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006171.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5	Release	Candidate	1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6171">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006172.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6172">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006173.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6173">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006174.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback:	0.6.5Release	Candidate	1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6174">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006175.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6175">&nbsp;</A>
<I>BlueWall Slade
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006176.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6176">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006177.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6177">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006179.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6179">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006178.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6178">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006180.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6180">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006181.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6181">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006182.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6182">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006183.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6183">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006184.html">[Opensim-dev] Springs, Torques, joints , friction,	questions and Vehicles oh my
</A><A NAME="6184">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006185.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6185">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006186.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6186">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006187.html">[Opensim-dev] Springs, Torques, joints , friction,	questions and Vehicles oh my
</A><A NAME="6187">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006188.html">[Opensim-dev] Springs, Torques, joints , friction, questions and Vehicles oh my
</A><A NAME="6188">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gerhard D&#252;nnebeil
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006189.html">[Opensim-dev] Springs, Torques, joints , friction,	questions and 	Vehicles oh my
</A><A NAME="6189">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006190.html">[Opensim-dev] Springs, Torques, joints , friction,	questions and  Vehicles oh my
</A><A NAME="6190">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006191.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6191">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006192.html">[Opensim-dev] Supplying IScene instead of Scene for the future region modules mechanism
</A><A NAME="6192">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006193.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6193">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006194.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6194">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006195.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6195">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006196.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6196">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thomas Grimshaw
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006197.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6197">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006198.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6198">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006199.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6199">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006200.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6200">&nbsp;</A>
<I>DZO
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006201.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6201">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006202.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6202">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Brianna
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006203.html">[Opensim-dev] Springs, Torques, joints , friction, questions and Vehicles oh my
</A><A NAME="6203">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006204.html">[Opensim-dev] Mysql help request
</A><A NAME="6204">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Giorgio Servillo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006205.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6205">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006206.html">[Opensim-dev] where opensim save the notecard text in db?
</A><A NAME="6206">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Giorgio Servillo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006207.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6207">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006208.html">[Opensim-dev] where opensim save the notecard text in db?
</A><A NAME="6208">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006209.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6209">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006210.html">[Opensim-dev] Mysql help request
</A><A NAME="6210">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006211.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6211">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006212.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6212">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006213.html">[Opensim-dev] note: &quot;broken&quot; lenny stable apt-get install mono-devel
</A><A NAME="6213">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006214.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6214">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006215.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6215">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006216.html">[Opensim-dev] note: &quot;broken&quot; lenny stable apt-get install mono-devel
</A><A NAME="6216">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006217.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6217">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006218.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6218">&nbsp;</A>
<I>DZO
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006219.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6219">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006220.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6220">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006221.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6221">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006222.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6222">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006223.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6223">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006224.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6224">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006225.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6225">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006226.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6226">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006227.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6227">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mystical Demina
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006228.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6228">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mystical Demina
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006229.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6229">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006230.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6230">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006231.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6231">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006232.html">[Opensim-dev] Choose a Standard Avatar
</A><A NAME="6232">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Marian Schramm | liventura
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006233.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6233">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006234.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6234">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006235.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6235">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006237.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6237">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006238.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6238">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006239.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6239">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006240.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re:  The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6240">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006241.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re: The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6241">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006242.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re: The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6242">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006243.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re: The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6243">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006244.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re: The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6244">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006245.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re: The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6245">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006246.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6246">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006247.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6247">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006248.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6248">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006249.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6249">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006250.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6250">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006253.html">[Opensim-dev] Cable Beach trust overview
</A><A NAME="6253">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006251.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6251">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006252.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6252">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006254.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6254">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006255.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re: The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6255">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Daniel Smith
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006256.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6256">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006257.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6257">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006258.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6258">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006259.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6259">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006260.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6260">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006261.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6261">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006262.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models
</A><A NAME="6262">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006263.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6263">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006264.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6264">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006265.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6265">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006266.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for	feedback:	0.6.5Release	Candidate	1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6266">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006267.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5Release Candidate 1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6267">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006268.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re: The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6268">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006269.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re: The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6269">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006270.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6270">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006271.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re: The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6271">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006272.html">[Opensim-dev] Development models (was Re: The essence of &quot;grid&quot;)
</A><A NAME="6272">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006273.html">[Opensim-dev] Request	for	feedback:	0.6.5Release	Candidate	1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6273">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006274.html">[Opensim-dev] Request	for	feedback:	0.6.5Release	Candidate	1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6274">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralf Haifisch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006275.html">[Opensim-dev] Closing a few Mantisi
</A><A NAME="6275">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006276.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6276">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006277.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6277">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006278.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6278">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mystical Demina
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006279.html">[Opensim-dev] The essence of &quot;grid&quot;
</A><A NAME="6279">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006280.html">[Opensim-dev] How to install open sim search
</A><A NAME="6280">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason Fisher
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006281.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5Release Candidate	1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6281">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mic Bowman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006282.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5Release	Candidate	1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6282">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006283.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback:	0.6.5Release	Candidate	1Prospects
</A><A NAME="6283">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006284.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5 Release Candidate Prospects
</A><A NAME="6284">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006285.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5 Release Candidate Prospects
</A><A NAME="6285">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006286.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5 Release Candidate	Prospects
</A><A NAME="6286">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006287.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6287">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006288.html">[Opensim-dev] Request for feedback: 0.6.5 Release Candidate Prospects
</A><A NAME="6288">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006289.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6289">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Homer Horwitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006290.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6290">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006291.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6291">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006292.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6292">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006293.html">[Opensim-dev] http://builds.opensimulator.org/
</A><A NAME="6293">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006294.html">[Opensim-dev] bin/j2kDecodeCache
</A><A NAME="6294">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006295.html">[Opensim-dev] bin/j2kDecodeCache
</A><A NAME="6295">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006296.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6296">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006297.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 20, Issue 75
</A><A NAME="6297">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralf Haifisch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006298.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6298">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006299.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation (capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6299">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006300.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6300">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006301.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6301">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006302.html">[Opensim-dev] bin/j2kDecodeCache
</A><A NAME="6302">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006303.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation (capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6303">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006304.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation (capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6304">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006305.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation (capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6305">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006306.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation (capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6306">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006307.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation (capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6307">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006308.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation (capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6308">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006309.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation (capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6309">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006310.html">[Opensim-dev] Freeswitch
</A><A NAME="6310">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ralf Haifisch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006311.html">[Opensim-dev] GetAssetStreamHandler, grid mode and caching
</A><A NAME="6311">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006312.html">[Opensim-dev] GetAssetStreamHandler, grid mode and caching
</A><A NAME="6312">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006313.html">[Opensim-dev] GetAssetStreamHandler, grid mode and caching
</A><A NAME="6313">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006314.html">[Opensim-dev] GetAssetStreamHandler, grid mode and caching
</A><A NAME="6314">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006315.html">[Opensim-dev] GetAssetStreamHandler, grid mode and caching
</A><A NAME="6315">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006316.html">[Opensim-dev] GetAssetStreamHandler, grid mode and caching
</A><A NAME="6316">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006317.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid=true moved to OpenSim.ini
</A><A NAME="6317">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006318.html">[Opensim-dev] http://builds.opensimulator.org/
</A><A NAME="6318">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006319.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6319">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006320.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation (capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6320">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006321.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6321">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006322.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6322">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006323.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6323">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006324.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6324">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006325.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6325">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006326.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation (capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6326">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006327.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6327">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006328.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6328">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006329.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6329">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006330.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6330">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006331.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6331">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006332.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6332">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006333.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6333">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006334.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6334">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melvin Carvalho
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006335.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing OpenSim data formats
</A><A NAME="6335">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006336.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing OpenSim data formats
</A><A NAME="6336">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006337.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing OpenSim data formats
</A><A NAME="6337">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006338.html">[Opensim-dev] How to install .patch files
</A><A NAME="6338">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason Fisher
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006339.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing OpenSim data formats
</A><A NAME="6339">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006340.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6340">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006341.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6341">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006342.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6342">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006343.html">[Opensim-dev] How to install .patch files
</A><A NAME="6343">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tristan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006344.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6344">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006345.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r9339 -	trunk/OpenSim/ApplicationPlugins/RemoteController
</A><A NAME="6345">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006346.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6346">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006347.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6347">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006348.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6348">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006349.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing OpenSim data formats
</A><A NAME="6349">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006350.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6350">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006351.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6351">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006352.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 20, Issue 75
</A><A NAME="6352">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006353.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6353">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006354.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6354">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006355.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6355">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006356.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6356">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006357.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6357">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006358.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing OpenSim data formats
</A><A NAME="6358">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006359.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6359">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006360.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6360">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006361.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing OpenSim data formats
</A><A NAME="6361">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006362.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups
</A><A NAME="6362">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jason Fisher
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006363.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6363">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006364.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing OpenSim data formats
</A><A NAME="6364">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006365.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6365">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006366.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6366">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006367.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6367">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christian Scholz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006368.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6368">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006369.html">[Opensim-dev] OAuth as authentication and authorisation	(capability) specification
</A><A NAME="6369">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006370.html">[Opensim-dev] Groups
</A><A NAME="6370">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006371.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6371">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Cortez
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006372.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6372">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006373.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6373">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006374.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6374">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006375.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6375">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006376.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6376">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006377.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6377">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Thomas Grimshaw
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006378.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6378">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006379.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6379">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006380.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6380">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006381.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6381">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006383.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6383">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006382.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6382">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tommi Laukkanen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006384.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6384">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006385.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6385">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006386.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6386">&nbsp;</A>
<I>diva at metaverseink.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006387.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6387">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006389.html">[Opensim-dev] Release Strategy
</A><A NAME="6389">&nbsp;</A>
<I>jradford
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006388.html">[Opensim-dev] moving away from grid vs. standalone
</A><A NAME="6388">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="006390.html">[Opensim-dev] Standardizing OpenSim data formats
</A><A NAME="6390">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Thu Apr 30 21:55:24 CEST 2009</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:39 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

