<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-November/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Hypergrid%20patch&In-Reply-To=%3C492330E9.70102%40ics.uci.edu%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="003632.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="003654.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch</H1>
    <B>Cristina Videira Lopes</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Hypergrid%20patch&In-Reply-To=%3C492330E9.70102%40ics.uci.edu%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch">lopes at ics.uci.edu
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Nov 18 22:17:29 CET 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003632.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="003654.html">[Opensim-dev] A hypergrid architectural and technical summary.
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3633">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3633">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3633">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3633">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>I added a new patch for r7383. I tested it on a clean slate, and it 
compiles and behaves correctly. Please let's stick to r7383 for 
assessment. Turns out 7379 was borked.

Thanks!

Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
&gt;<i> Sure, let's fix this to r7379.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Realistically, this is probably going to take somewhat longer than a few days.  Other core members haven't really had 
</I>&gt;<i> much of a chance to comment yet.  Ideally I think we would take a weekend to give people who are busy with non-OpenSim 
</I>&gt;<i> jobs during the week to take a look.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Also, I can only devote a certain fraction of my time to this, so it may take until the end of the week anyway if I'm 
</I>&gt;<i> working on my own.  Of course, any other assistance is very welcome.  What I feel we really need is a short summary from 
</I>&gt;<i> a third party on both the architectural features (pros and cons - there are almost always some cons with everything) and 
</I>&gt;<i> an assessment of the implementation itself.  Among other things, this would help us determine that we're happy to 
</I>&gt;<i> support it in the future.  For instance, is there an expectation that if I make a grid change, I now need to test it in 
</I>&gt;<i> standalone, grid *and* hypergrid mode?  We already see these issues with the bundled MSSQL database support where most 
</I>&gt;<i> core developers only change MySQL and maybe SQLite (though luckily we now have some excellent people like 
</I>&gt;<i> StrawberryFride and RuudL to help fix it up).
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> I feel that we should also be cautious because we have already had instances where flawed architectural changes have 
</I>&gt;<i> made it in to OpenSim without any prior analysis or discussion.  These cause consternation for a while until they can be 
</I>&gt;<i> absorbed or pushed aside.  I think spending a bit of time upfront on such big changes could save us a lot of time and 
</I>&gt;<i> pain later on.
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i> Cristina Videira Lopes wrote:
</I>&gt;<i>   
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> OK, I will do that, and thanks for looking into this.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Can we please fix the assessment of the hypergrid to 7379 for the next 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> day or so. Otherwise it's like trying to change the oil on a moving car :-)
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Obviously, if this makes it to core, I will make a patch for whatever 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> head that will be, and taking into account whatever feedback is sent; 
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> it's just the assessment process that I would like to fix, if possible.
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I tried to apply the two patches and prebuild.xml in <A HREF="http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=2640">http://opensimulator.org/mantis/view.php?id=2640</A> to r7379 today, 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> intending to fix up the LLSD name change issues.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> However, there are various issues.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 1.  The original hypergrid-1.patch (which contains the bulk of the code) appears to list all diffs twice.  So every file 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ends up containing two copies of everything.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 2.  The second smaller follow up hypergrid-app.patch does not apply cleanly over hypergrid-1.patch.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> 3.  The prebuild.xml does not list dependences in the correct order.  For instance, HGOpenSimNode in 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> OpenSim.Region.Application has a dependency on HyperGrid which is only built after this package.  You may have to do 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> some work to resolve circular dependencies.  Please do a clean build to make sure everything resolves correctly.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Please could you fix these issues (and the LLSD -&gt; OSD changes) and produce a new single patch containing all the code. 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>   I recommend simply using svn diff &gt;my.patch from the command line on cygwin/linux/mac if Tortoise SVN is playing up. 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Then we can evaluate this properly.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Cristina Videira Lopes wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>   
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I'm glad this is getting a generally positive reaction. I believe in the 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> hypergrid, or something like it, strongly enough that I'm going to stick 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> around and do whatever necessary to see it, or something like it, go 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> into the box.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Obviously, I agree with everything said here about revising things 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> properly and making sure the edges aren't too rough. I will appreciate 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> one or more of your 'older' ones (he!) looking carefully into it. 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Generally, the hypergrid code is cleanly separated from the core code, 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> but let me tell you what I see as the main ugliness of this contribution:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> The hypergrid touches heavily on Communications and, lightly, on 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Environment.Scenes. Communications isn't as well componentized as other 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> things are; for example, the IClientAPI is a wonderful piece of the 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> architecture! Unlike that, the construction code for Communications is 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> hard-coded in OpenSimBase. Because of that, I had to subclass OpenSim, 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> which is very ugly. If there's a way of making Communications a 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> component that can be specified in the config file, that would be great! 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Not just for the hypergrid, but it would open the door for 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> experimentation with other alternative interoperability ideas.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> For the extension on Environment.Scenes, again, the Scene-related 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> classes are being hard-coded in OpenSimBase. If there's a way of 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> spec-ing that outside, it would be great.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I know how to quick-fix both of these, but I think this probably needs a 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> solid fix from those of you who have been making the wonderful job of 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> componentizing opensim, rather than a quick fix from me.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Crista
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> As much as I share that sentiment, and despite not having looked at 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the patch, it's usually a good idea to consider splitting large 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> patches up into more of babysteps - 'process' over 'product' so to speak.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Ie, is it possible for the hypergrid posse to work with core over time 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> to gradually change core into something suitable for them?
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Most oftenly to let the code transform in steps leads to the code 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> itself 'accumulating wisdom' - which leads to greated flexibility and 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> encapsulation. (If it's done with proper love and care in each step) - 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> and also lets core + hypergrid communicate over small chunks of code, 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> instead of big whoppers. (Historically, big whoppers either rot or 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> create havoc, but undesired outcomes)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Best regards,
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Stefan Andersson
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Tribal Media AB
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Join the 3d web revolution : <A HREF="http://tribalnet.se/">http://tribalnet.se/</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>  
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2008 08:08:32 -0500
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> From: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">sdague at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> To: <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Subject: Re: [Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Justin Clark-Casey wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Dahlia Trimble wrote:
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>               
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Thanks, that one built properly against 7364, but 7376 (head at 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>                 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the time
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I tried) complained about some missing references to LLSD. Seems 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>                 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> a patch
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> set of this size can go stale quite quickly so hopefully a few of 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>                 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> the
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> other core devs can chime in real soon and give it a nod... and 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>                 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> then we
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> can work together to commit it. :)
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>                 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I think this situation was somewhat unusual with the libOMV update 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>               
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> - the names of fairly fundamental classes do not
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> change every day.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I think with a large patch the submitter has to accept a certain 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>               
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> amount of pain in resyncing it to the current trunk -
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> this in itself demonstrates how serious they (and we) are about 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>               
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> supporting it. There is a need, I feel, to consider
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> this carefully and not rush in to a decision. This patch requires 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>               
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> evaluation on both a raw technical and an
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> architectural level - an evaluation that I hope to start helping 
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>               
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> with later on today.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I'm +1 for the idea, I'll defer to Justin's judgement on implementation
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> here because I won't have enough time to dig through this of late.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> I definitely think getting hypergrid, or something like it, into core is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> a good thing. Letting opensim grids interconnect out of the box is
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> something that has always been on our vision list.
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> -Sean
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> --
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Sean Dague / Neas Bade
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">sdague at gmail.com</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="http://dague.net">http://dague.net</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>             
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>   
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>           
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>     
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>         
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>   
</I>&gt;&gt;&gt;<i>       
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> ------------------------------------------------------------------------
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> _______________________________________________
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> Opensim-dev mailing list
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">Opensim-dev at lists.berlios.de</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i> <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev</A>
</I>&gt;&gt;<i>     
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>
</I>&gt;<i>   
</I>
-------------- next part --------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed...
URL: &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20081118/94406daa/attachment.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/attachments/20081118/94406daa/attachment.html</A>&gt;
</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="003632.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="003654.html">[Opensim-dev] A hypergrid architectural and technical summary.
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#3633">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#3633">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#3633">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#3633">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
