<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev November 2008 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>November 2008 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Sat Nov  1 18:26:08 CET 2008</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Sat Nov 29 13:33:59 CET 2008</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 373<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="003365.html">[Opensim-dev] Global IDs (Was Re: [Opensim-users] Grid Numberging)
</A><A NAME="3365">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003366.html">[Opensim-dev] Script behaviour
</A><A NAME="3366">&nbsp;</A>
<I>D&#252;nnebeil Gerhard
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003367.html">[Opensim-dev] INFO: Running OpenSim on NetBSD-Current
</A><A NAME="3367">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003368.html">[Opensim-dev] INFO: Running OpenSim on NetBSD-Current
</A><A NAME="3368">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003369.html">[Opensim-dev] INFO: Running OpenSim on NetBSD-Current
</A><A NAME="3369">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003370.html">[Opensim-dev] adding new regions via web source
</A><A NAME="3370">&nbsp;</A>
<I>SignpostMarv Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003371.html">[Opensim-dev] adding new regions via web source
</A><A NAME="3371">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003372.html">[Opensim-dev] Distributed asset server proposal
</A><A NAME="3372">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003373.html">[Opensim-dev] Distributed asset server proposal
</A><A NAME="3373">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003374.html">[Opensim-dev] object memory footprint for ODE
</A><A NAME="3374">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003375.html">[Opensim-dev] object memory footprint for ODE
</A><A NAME="3375">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Eugen Leitl
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003376.html">[Opensim-dev] object memory footprint for ODE
</A><A NAME="3376">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003377.html">[Opensim-dev] adding new regions via web source
</A><A NAME="3377">&nbsp;</A>
<I>SignpostMarv Martin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003378.html">[Opensim-dev] adding new regions via web source
</A><A NAME="3378">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003379.html">[Opensim-dev] adding new regions via web source
</A><A NAME="3379">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003380.html">[Opensim-dev] thread from ODE in regards to physics acceleration
</A><A NAME="3380">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Eugen Leitl
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003381.html">[Opensim-dev] Script behaviour
</A><A NAME="3381">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003382.html">[Opensim-dev] thread from ODE in regards to physics acceleration
</A><A NAME="3382">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003383.html">[Opensim-dev] adding new regions via web source
</A><A NAME="3383">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003384.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3384">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003385.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3385">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003386.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3386">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003387.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3387">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003388.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3388">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Fish Kungfu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003392.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 15, Issue 6
</A><A NAME="3392">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sakai Openlife
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003389.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3389">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003390.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3390">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003391.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3391">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003393.html">[Opensim-dev] Opensim-dev Digest, Vol 15, Issue 6
</A><A NAME="3393">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003394.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3394">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003395.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3395">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003396.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3396">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003397.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3397">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003398.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3398">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003399.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3399">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003400.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3400">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003401.html">[Opensim-dev] About attachment Mantis #2512-2515, #2410, etc.
</A><A NAME="3401">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tao YANG (GMAIL)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003402.html">[Opensim-dev] grid/user specific items: bug or feature?
</A><A NAME="3402">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003403.html">[Opensim-dev] grid/user specific items: bug or feature?
</A><A NAME="3403">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003404.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db fields]
</A><A NAME="3404">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003405.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3405">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003406.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3406">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003407.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed	additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3407">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003408.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS:	Proposed	additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3408">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003409.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3409">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003410.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3410">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003411.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3411">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003412.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Mono's SIMD Support: Making Mono safe for Gaming
</A><A NAME="3412">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Eugen Leitl
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003413.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3413">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mo Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003414.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Mono's SIMD Support: Making Mono safe for	Gaming
</A><A NAME="3414">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003415.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3415">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003416.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Mono's SIMD Support: Making Mono safe	for	Gaming
</A><A NAME="3416">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003417.html">[Opensim-dev] new wiki page: IRCBridgeModule
</A><A NAME="3417">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003418.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3418">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Todd Adams
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003420.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed	additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3420">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003419.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3419">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003421.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3421">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003422.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3422">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003423.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3423">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003424.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Mono's SIMD Support: Making Mono	safe	for	Gaming
</A><A NAME="3424">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003425.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3425">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Todd Adams
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003426.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3426">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Todd Adams
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003427.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3427">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Todd Adams
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003428.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3428">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003429.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed	additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3429">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003430.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3430">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003431.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3431">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Todd Adams
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003432.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3432">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003433.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3433">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003434.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS:	Proposed	additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3434">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003435.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3435">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003437.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar	[WAS:	Proposed	additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3437">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003436.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3436">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Todd Adams
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003438.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3438">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003439.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3439">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003440.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3440">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003441.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed	additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3441">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003442.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3442">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003443.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3443">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003444.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3444">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Todd Adams
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003445.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3445">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003446.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3446">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003447.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3447">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003448.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3448">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003449.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3449">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003450.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3450">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003451.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3451">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olish Newman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003453.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3453">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003452.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3452">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003454.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3454">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003455.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional	db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3455">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003456.html">[Opensim-dev] User vs Avatar [WAS: Proposed additional db	fields]
</A><A NAME="3456">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003457.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3457">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003458.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3458">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003459.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3459">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003460.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3460">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003461.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3461">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003462.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3462">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mircea Filipescu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003463.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3463">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003464.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3464">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003465.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3465">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003466.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3466">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003467.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3467">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003470.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3470">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Johan Berntsson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003468.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r7105 -	trunk/OpenSim/Data/MSSQL/Resources
</A><A NAME="3468">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003469.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3469">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mircea Filipescu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003471.html">[Opensim-dev] [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: [Opensim-users] Sim Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)
</A><A NAME="3471">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003472.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3472">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003473.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3473">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003474.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3474">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003475.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3475">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003476.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3476">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003477.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3477">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003478.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3478">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003479.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3479">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003480.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3480">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003481.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3481">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003482.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3482">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003483.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3483">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003484.html">[Opensim-dev] Automated Bug Reporting
</A><A NAME="3484">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003485.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3485">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Todd Adams
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003486.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3486">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003487.html">[Opensim-dev] UGAIM with mysql weird issue
</A><A NAME="3487">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003488.html">[Opensim-dev] Security and ClientView
</A><A NAME="3488">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003489.html">[Opensim-dev]  Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3489">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003490.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3490">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003492.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3492">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003491.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3491">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003493.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposal for a viable physical vehicle abstraction	architecture
</A><A NAME="3493">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003495.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3495">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003494.html">[Opensim-dev] UGAIM with mysql weird issue
</A><A NAME="3494">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003496.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3496">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003497.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3497">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003499.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3499">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003498.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3498">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003500.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3500">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003501.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3501">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Eugen Leitl
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003502.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3502">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003503.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3503">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Eugen Leitl
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003504.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3504">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003505.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3505">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003506.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3506">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003507.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3507">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003508.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3508">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003509.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3509">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003510.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3510">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003511.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3511">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003512.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3512">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003513.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3513">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003514.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3514">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003515.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposed additional db fields
</A><A NAME="3515">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003516.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenLifeGrid and moving forward
</A><A NAME="3516">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003517.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Mono's SIMD Support: Making Mono	safe	for	Gaming
</A><A NAME="3517">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003518.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Mono's SIMD Support: Making Mono	safe	for Gaming
</A><A NAME="3518">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003519.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r7146	-	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/Shared/CodeTools/Tests
</A><A NAME="3519">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003520.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Mono's SIMD Support: Making Mono	safe	for Gaming
</A><A NAME="3520">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003521.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Mono's SIMD Support: Making Mono safe for	Gaming
</A><A NAME="3521">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003522.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposal for a viable physical vehicle	abstraction architecture
</A><A NAME="3522">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003523.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3523">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003524.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3524">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003525.html">[Opensim-dev] Renaming innerscene
</A><A NAME="3525">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003526.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Mono's SIMD Support: Making Mono	safe	for Gaming
</A><A NAME="3526">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003527.html">[Opensim-dev] FYI: Mono's SIMD Support: Making Mono	safe	for Gaming
</A><A NAME="3527">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003528.html">[Opensim-dev] Tagging trunk for the 0.6 release
</A><A NAME="3528">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003529.html">[Opensim-dev] Tagging trunk for the 0.6 release
</A><A NAME="3529">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003530.html">[Opensim-dev] Tagging trunk for the 0.6 release
</A><A NAME="3530">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003531.html">[Opensim-dev] Tagging trunk for the 0.6 release
</A><A NAME="3531">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003532.html">[Opensim-dev] Tagging trunk for the 0.6 release
</A><A NAME="3532">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Homer Horwitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003533.html">[Opensim-dev] Rebuilding SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="3533">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003534.html">[Opensim-dev] Bugs in Rev 4045
</A><A NAME="3534">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003535.html">[Opensim-dev] Bugs in Rev 4045
</A><A NAME="3535">&nbsp;</A>
<I>John Sheridan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003536.html">[Opensim-dev] Bugs in Rev 4045
</A><A NAME="3536">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeff Ames
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003537.html">[Opensim-dev] IClientAPI Changes - Porting Guide
</A><A NAME="3537">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003538.html">[Opensim-dev] Tagging trunk for the 0.6 release
</A><A NAME="3538">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Johan Berntsson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003539.html">[Opensim-dev] .deb for 0.6.0
</A><A NAME="3539">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dave Coyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003540.html">[Opensim-dev] Tagging trunk for the 0.6 release
</A><A NAME="3540">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003541.html">[Opensim-dev] Version Numbering Schemes
</A><A NAME="3541">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003542.html">[Opensim-dev] Version Numbering Schemes
</A><A NAME="3542">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003543.html">[Opensim-dev] Version Numbering Schemes
</A><A NAME="3543">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003544.html">[Opensim-dev] Version Numbering Schemes
</A><A NAME="3544">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003545.html">[Opensim-dev] Version Numbering Schemes
</A><A NAME="3545">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003546.html">[Opensim-dev] Version Numbering Schemes
</A><A NAME="3546">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003568.html">[Opensim-dev] Version Numbering Schemes
</A><A NAME="3568">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jani Pirkola
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003547.html">[Opensim-dev] Rebuilding SOG/SOP
</A><A NAME="3547">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003548.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object	in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3548">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003549.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object	in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3549">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003550.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3550">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003551.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single	object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3551">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003552.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single	object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3552">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003553.html">[Opensim-dev] Version Numbering Schemes
</A><A NAME="3553">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003555.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3555">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003554.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3554">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003556.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single	object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3556">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003557.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single	object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3557">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003558.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single	object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3558">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003559.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3559">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003560.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3560">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003561.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3561">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003562.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3562">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003563.html">[Opensim-dev] [Fwd: [PROPOSAL]: Sim version filtering (was Re: [Opensim-users] Sim Version Filtering (re: Mantis #0002361...)]
</A><A NAME="3563">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003564.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3564">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003565.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3565">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003567.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3567">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Pixelcat Schroedinger
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003566.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3566">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003569.html">[Opensim-dev] Important OpenSimulator Security update.
</A><A NAME="3569">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003570.html">[Opensim-dev] Important OpenSimulator Security update.
</A><A NAME="3570">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003571.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3571">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003572.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single	object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3572">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003573.html">[Opensim-dev] Should SOG and SOP be combined into a single	object in a linked hierarchy?
</A><A NAME="3573">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003574.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3574">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003575.html">[Opensim-dev] Important OpenSimulator Security update.
</A><A NAME="3575">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003579.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3579">&nbsp;</A>
<I>stefan at tribalmedia.se
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003576.html">[Opensim-dev] [Fwd: Mono.Addins 0.4 released]
</A><A NAME="3576">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003577.html">[Opensim-dev] Actionable items on SOP/SOG discussion?
</A><A NAME="3577">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003578.html">[Opensim-dev] Actionable items on SOP/SOG discussion?
</A><A NAME="3578">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003634.html">[Opensim-dev] Important OpenSimulator Security update.
</A><A NAME="3634">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003580.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3580">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003581.html">[Opensim-dev] [OpenSim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3581">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003582.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3582">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003583.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3583">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003584.html">[Opensim-dev] /branches/0.6.0-stable
</A><A NAME="3584">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003585.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3585">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003586.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3586">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003587.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3587">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003588.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3588">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003589.html">[Opensim-dev] 0.6 Windows Installer
</A><A NAME="3589">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Johnson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003590.html">[Opensim-dev] .deb for 0.6.0
</A><A NAME="3590">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003591.html">[Opensim-dev] .deb for 0.6.0
</A><A NAME="3591">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Johnson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003592.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3592">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003593.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3593">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003594.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3594">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003595.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3595">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003596.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3596">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chris Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003597.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3597">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003598.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3598">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ideia Boa
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003599.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3599">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003600.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3600">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003601.html">[Opensim-dev] Actionable items on SOP/SOG discussion?
</A><A NAME="3601">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003603.html">[Opensim-dev] hypergrid status
</A><A NAME="3603">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dickson, Mike (ISS Software)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003602.html">[Opensim-dev] fyi: Some ExternalChecks method changes and a question about public interface policy
</A><A NAME="3602">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003604.html">[Opensim-dev] fyi: Some ExternalChecks method changes and a question about public interface policy
</A><A NAME="3604">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003631.html">[Opensim-dev] fyi: Some ExternalChecks method changes and a question about public interface policy
</A><A NAME="3631">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003605.html">[Opensim-dev] .deb for 0.6.0
</A><A NAME="3605">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dave Coyle
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003606.html">[Opensim-dev] .deb for 0.6.0
</A><A NAME="3606">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003607.html">[Opensim-dev] API documentation
</A><A NAME="3607">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003608.html">[Opensim-dev] API documentation
</A><A NAME="3608">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003609.html">[Opensim-dev] API documentation
</A><A NAME="3609">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003610.html">[Opensim-dev] API documentation
</A><A NAME="3610">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003611.html">[Opensim-dev] API documentation
</A><A NAME="3611">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003612.html">[Opensim-dev] API documentation
</A><A NAME="3612">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003613.html">[Opensim-dev] API documentation
</A><A NAME="3613">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003614.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3614">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003615.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3615">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003616.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3616">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003617.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3617">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003618.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3618">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003619.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3619">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003620.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3620">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003621.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3621">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003622.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3622">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003623.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3623">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003624.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3624">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003625.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3625">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003626.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3626">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003627.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3627">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003628.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch (support l
</A><A NAME="3628">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003629.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3629">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003630.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3630">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003632.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3632">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003633.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid patch
</A><A NAME="3633">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003635.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3635">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003636.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3636">&nbsp;</A>
<I>nlin (message)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003637.html">[Opensim-dev] Important OpenSimulator Security update.
</A><A NAME="3637">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003638.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3638">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003639.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3639">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003640.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3640">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003641.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3641">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gerhard D&#252;nnebeil
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003642.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3642">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003643.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3643">&nbsp;</A>
<I>nlin (message)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003644.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3644">&nbsp;</A>
<I>nlin (message)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003645.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3645">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gerhard D&#252;nnebeil
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003646.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3646">&nbsp;</A>
<I>nlin (message)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003647.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3647">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mircea Filipescu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003648.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3648">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gerhard D&#252;nnebeil
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003649.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3649">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003650.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3650">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003651.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3651">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003652.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3652">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003653.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3653">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003654.html">[Opensim-dev] A hypergrid architectural and technical summary.
</A><A NAME="3654">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003655.html">[Opensim-dev] A hypergrid architectural and technical summary.
</A><A NAME="3655">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003656.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3656">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeroen van Veen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003657.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3657">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003658.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3658">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003659.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3659">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003660.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3660">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle &quot;G&quot;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003661.html">[Opensim-dev] IPv6
</A><A NAME="3661">&nbsp;</A>
<I>St&#233;phane -
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003663.html">[Opensim-dev] IPv6
</A><A NAME="3663">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003662.html">[Opensim-dev] IPv6
</A><A NAME="3662">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003664.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem with User server in grid mode retrieving User	Profile
</A><A NAME="3664">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003665.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem with User server in grid mode retrieving	User	Profile
</A><A NAME="3665">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003666.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem with User server in grid mode retrieving	User Profile
</A><A NAME="3666">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003667.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem with User server in grid mode retrieving	User Profile
</A><A NAME="3667">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Alan M Webb
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003670.html">[Opensim-dev] IPv6
</A><A NAME="3670">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Johan Berntsson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003668.html">[Opensim-dev] IPv6
</A><A NAME="3668">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003669.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem with User server in grid mode	retrieving	User Profile
</A><A NAME="3669">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003671.html">[Opensim-dev] IPv6
</A><A NAME="3671">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003673.html">[Opensim-dev] IPv6
</A><A NAME="3673">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bill Humphries
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003672.html">[Opensim-dev] IPv6
</A><A NAME="3672">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003674.html">[Opensim-dev] IPv6
</A><A NAME="3674">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003675.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem with User server in grid mode retrieving	User Profile
</A><A NAME="3675">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003676.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3676">&nbsp;</A>
<I>nlin (message)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003677.html">[Opensim-dev] IPv6
</A><A NAME="3677">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003678.html">[Opensim-dev] Problem with User server in grid mode retrieving	User Profile
</A><A NAME="3678">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mic Bowman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003679.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid, ODE, and Mesh Upload
</A><A NAME="3679">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Paul Fishwick
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003680.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypergrid, ODE, and Mesh Upload
</A><A NAME="3680">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003681.html">[Opensim-dev] Using ODE for vehicles and ragdolls
</A><A NAME="3681">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rhian
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003682.html">[Opensim-dev] Redesigning the Physics-Interface
</A><A NAME="3682">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gerhard D&#252;nnebeil
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003683.html">[Opensim-dev] Redesigning the Physics-Interface
</A><A NAME="3683">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003684.html">[Opensim-dev] Redesigning the Physics-Interface
</A><A NAME="3684">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003685.html">[Opensim-dev] Redesigning the Physics-Interface
</A><A NAME="3685">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gerhard D&#252;nnebeil
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003686.html">[Opensim-dev] Redesigning the Physics-Interface
</A><A NAME="3686">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003687.html">[Opensim-dev] Redesigning the Physics-Interface
</A><A NAME="3687">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Gerhard D&#252;nnebeil
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003688.html">[Opensim-dev] Teleports
</A><A NAME="3688">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003689.html">[Opensim-dev] Redesigning the Physics-Interface
</A><A NAME="3689">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003690.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim on Mac G5
</A><A NAME="3690">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003691.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim on Mac G5
</A><A NAME="3691">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003692.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim on Mac G5
</A><A NAME="3692">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003693.html">[Opensim-dev] User/Agent/Avatar (again) and multiple logins
</A><A NAME="3693">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003694.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim on Mac G5
</A><A NAME="3694">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003695.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim on Mac G5
</A><A NAME="3695">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003696.html">[Opensim-dev] User/Agent/Avatar (again) and multiple logins
</A><A NAME="3696">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003697.html">[Opensim-dev] User/Agent/Avatar (again) and multiple logins
</A><A NAME="3697">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003698.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim on Mac G5
</A><A NAME="3698">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003699.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3699">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003700.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3700">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003701.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3701">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003702.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3702">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003703.html">[Opensim-dev] User/Agent/Avatar (again) and multiple logins
</A><A NAME="3703">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Diva Canto
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003704.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3704">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003705.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3705">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Homer Horwitz
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003706.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim on Mac G5
</A><A NAME="3706">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003707.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim on Mac G5
</A><A NAME="3707">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003708.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim on Mac G5
</A><A NAME="3708">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003709.html">[Opensim-dev] About available services in grid mode
</A><A NAME="3709">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003710.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim on Mac G5
</A><A NAME="3710">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003711.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3711">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christopher Yeoh
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003712.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3712">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003713.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneObject* Metadata
</A><A NAME="3713">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003714.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneObject* Metadata
</A><A NAME="3714">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003715.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneObject* Metadata
</A><A NAME="3715">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003716.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneObject* Metadata
</A><A NAME="3716">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003717.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3717">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003718.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneObject* Metadata
</A><A NAME="3718">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003720.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneObject* Metadata
</A><A NAME="3720">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dickson, Mike (ISS Software)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003719.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneObject* Metadata
</A><A NAME="3719">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003721.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-users] revised terms...
</A><A NAME="3721">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003722.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneObject* Metadata
</A><A NAME="3722">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003723.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneObject* Metadata
</A><A NAME="3723">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003724.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3724">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003725.html">[Opensim-dev] SceneObject* Metadata
</A><A NAME="3725">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hurliman, John
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003726.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3726">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Christopher Yeoh
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003727.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypermap Was: [Opensim-users] revised terms...
</A><A NAME="3727">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003728.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypermap Was: [Opensim-users] revised terms...
</A><A NAME="3728">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003729.html">[Opensim-dev] Permissions(Server)
</A><A NAME="3729">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003730.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed ...
</A><A NAME="3730">&nbsp;</A>
<I>bubba
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003731.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3731">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003732.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed ...
</A><A NAME="3732">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kane Hart
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003733.html">[Opensim-dev] Help needed ...
</A><A NAME="3733">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003734.html">[Opensim-dev] Lockless Lists?
</A><A NAME="3734">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003735.html">[Opensim-dev] Hypermap Was: [Opensim-users] revised terms...
</A><A NAME="3735">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Cristina Videira Lopes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003736.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3736">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

<LI><A HREF="003737.html">[Opensim-dev] ODE on Linux x86/64
</A><A NAME="3737">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ursula MATOVA
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Sat Nov 29 13:33:59 CET 2008</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:32 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

