<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] OpenSim-OpenSim interop (WAS: Inteop patch	Mantis#1696)
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-July/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20OpenSim-OpenSim%20interop%20%28WAS%3A%20Inteop%20patch%0A%09Mantis%231696%29&In-Reply-To=%3C20080718094450.57a85a2e%40sumo%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="002345.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="002334.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-OpenSim interop (WAS: Inteop patch	Mantis#1696)</H1>
    <B>Mike Mazur</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20OpenSim-OpenSim%20interop%20%28WAS%3A%20Inteop%20patch%0A%09Mantis%231696%29&In-Reply-To=%3C20080718094450.57a85a2e%40sumo%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-OpenSim interop (WAS: Inteop patch	Mantis#1696)">mmazur at gmail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Fri Jul 18 02:44:50 CEST 2008</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002345.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop  patch Mantis#1696
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="002334.html">[Opensim-dev] DotNet Script Engine status - changes to make use of shared LSL and OSSL
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2356">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2356">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2356">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2356">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi,

On Thu, 17 Jul 2008 13:08:08 +0200
Dr Scofield &lt;<A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">DrScofield at xyzzyxyzzy.net</A>&gt; wrote:

&gt;<i> we should tackle the
</I>&gt;<i> opensim grid--grid interconnect first, work out reasonable set up 
</I>&gt;<i> APIs/interfaces, then revisit the patch and adapt it to the OpenSim
</I>&gt;<i> way of doing things.
</I>
lulurun recently wrote[1] up his approach to avatar portability. We have
a test running internally and it works well.

Have you had a chance to take a look?

Mike


[1] <A HREF="https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-July/002338.html">https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2008-July/002338.html</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="002345.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop  patch Mantis#1696
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="002334.html">[Opensim-dev] DotNet Script Engine status - changes to make use of shared LSL and OSSL
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#2356">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#2356">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#2356">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#2356">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
