<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev July 2008 Archive by author</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>July 2008 Archives by author</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Tue Jul  1 01:24:32 CEST 2008</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Thu Jul 31 14:44:20 CEST 2008</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 408<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="002364.html">[Opensim-dev] erros compiling
</A><A NAME="2364">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Binho .
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002159.html">[Opensim-dev] Official Databases? Was: Proposal to move region specific parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the regi
</A><A NAME="2159">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002163.html">[Opensim-dev] Save/Load XML and XML2 Formats
</A><A NAME="2163">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002164.html">[Opensim-dev] Official Databases? Was: Proposal to move region specific	parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; se
</A><A NAME="2164">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002198.html">[Opensim-dev] Quick question:
</A><A NAME="2198">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002199.html">[Opensim-dev] Refactoring all remaining module loading	for	PluginLoader
</A><A NAME="2199">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002243.html">[Opensim-dev] Please test drive the new LSL compiler
</A><A NAME="2243">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002314.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2314">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002316.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2316">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002470.html">[Opensim-dev] Moving	OpenSim.Region.Communications.Local/OGS1	to Framework
</A><A NAME="2470">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002504.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2504">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002548.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2548">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002160.html">[Opensim-dev] Save/Load XML and XML2 Formats
</A><A NAME="2160">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002167.html">[Opensim-dev] Save/Load XML and XML2 Formats
</A><A NAME="2167">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002169.html">[Opensim-dev] Save/Load XML and XML2 Formats
</A><A NAME="2169">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002176.html">[Opensim-dev] Save/Load XML and XML2 Formats
</A><A NAME="2176">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002177.html">[Opensim-dev] terrain load-tile
</A><A NAME="2177">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002240.html">[Opensim-dev] create user and create region - option to fix UUIDs?
</A><A NAME="2240">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002343.html">[Opensim-dev] Any &quot;stable&quot; or major feature release planned within near future?
</A><A NAME="2343">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002377.html">[Opensim-dev] Startup warnings and messages for 21-Jul-2008 build 5559 opensim.be nightly build
</A><A NAME="2377">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002410.html">[Opensim-dev] llParcelMediaCommandList at inf.ed.ac.uk with PARCEL_MEDIA_COMMAND_URL
</A><A NAME="2410">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ai Austin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002331.html">[Opensim-dev] load sharing.....
</A><A NAME="2331">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Johan Berntsson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002542.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2542">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Chang, Francis
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002181.html">[Opensim-dev] Save/Load XML and XML2 Formats
</A><A NAME="2181">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002205.html">[Opensim-dev] Quick question:
</A><A NAME="2205">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002232.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning: IGridPlugin interface change
</A><A NAME="2232">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002235.html">[Opensim-dev] Scope and Purpose of IApplicationPlugins	and	IRegionModules
</A><A NAME="2235">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002246.html">[Opensim-dev] The beginnings of an OpenSim hacking guide
</A><A NAME="2246">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002278.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis#1682
</A><A NAME="2278">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002280.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis#1682
</A><A NAME="2280">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002298.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2298">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002374.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis#1798
</A><A NAME="2374">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002375.html">[Opensim-dev] &quot;/&quot; difference in InventoryService requests
</A><A NAME="2375">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002390.html">[Opensim-dev] Moving OpenSim.Region.Communications.Local/OGS1 to	Framework
</A><A NAME="2390">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002403.html">[Opensim-dev] Italian Developers Volunteer Group seeking for assistance...
</A><A NAME="2403">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002404.html">[Opensim-dev] Startup warnings and messages for 21-Jul-2008 build 5559 opensim.be nightly build
</A><A NAME="2404">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002405.html">[Opensim-dev] Moving OpenSim.Region.Communications.Local/OGS1 to Framework
</A><A NAME="2405">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002407.html">[Opensim-dev] A little operational problem
</A><A NAME="2407">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002417.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL compiler switched on as default
</A><A NAME="2417">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002448.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL compiler switched on as default
</A><A NAME="2448">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002449.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2449">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002450.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2450">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002451.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2451">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002460.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2460">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002479.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2479">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002480.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2480">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002495.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2495">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002496.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2496">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002161.html">[Opensim-dev] Official Databases? Was: Proposal to move region specific	parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the regi
</A><A NAME="2161">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002162.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts of the	&quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2162">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002184.html">[Opensim-dev] Official Databases? Was: Proposal to move region specific	parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the regi
</A><A NAME="2184">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002202.html">[Opensim-dev] Refactoring all remaining module loading for	PluginLoader
</A><A NAME="2202">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002203.html">[Opensim-dev] Quick question:
</A><A NAME="2203">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002204.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL to C# translator preview
</A><A NAME="2204">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002252.html">[Opensim-dev] r5334 - in trunk:	.	OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/DotNetEngine/Compiler/LSL bin
</A><A NAME="2252">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002254.html">[Opensim-dev] r5334 - in trunk:	.	OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/DotNetEngine/Compiler/LSL bin
</A><A NAME="2254">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002255.html">[Opensim-dev] r5374 - trunk/bin
</A><A NAME="2255">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002262.html">[Opensim-dev] r5374 - trunk/bin
</A><A NAME="2262">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002266.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding RegionID to SceneObjectPart
</A><A NAME="2266">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002274.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding RegionID to SceneObjectPart
</A><A NAME="2274">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002281.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2281">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002290.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2290">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002293.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2293">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002306.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis Moderation
</A><A NAME="2306">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002348.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2348">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002354.html">[Opensim-dev] Converting the GridServer to PluginLoader
</A><A NAME="2354">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002360.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2360">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002392.html">[Opensim-dev] Moving OpenSim.Region.Communications.Local/OGS1	to Framework
</A><A NAME="2392">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002412.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL compiler switched on as default
</A><A NAME="2412">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002413.html">[Opensim-dev] In light of recent problems with ClientStack
</A><A NAME="2413">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002430.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2430">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002453.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2453">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002456.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2456">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002458.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2458">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002468.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2468">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002247.html">[Opensim-dev] The beginnings of an OpenSim hacking guide
</A><A NAME="2247">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Hiro David
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002297.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2297">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Dickson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002320.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2320">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dickson, Mike (ISS Software)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002419.html">[Opensim-dev] Grids and Clouds
</A><A NAME="2419">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dickson, Mike (ISS Software)
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002275.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2275">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002295.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2295">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002323.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2323">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002324.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2324">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002378.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenID (was: Lively)
</A><A NAME="2378">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002381.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenID
</A><A NAME="2381">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dzonatas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002303.html">[Opensim-dev] load sharing.....
</A><A NAME="2303">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Terry F.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002310.html">[Opensim-dev] load sharing.....
</A><A NAME="2310">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Terry F.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002353.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid Mode - Inventory Server
</A><A NAME="2353">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Terry F.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002366.html">[Opensim-dev] erros compiling
</A><A NAME="2366">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Terry F.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002369.html">[Opensim-dev] Resolved Mantis issue..... Reconsideration?
</A><A NAME="2369">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Terry F.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002511.html">[Opensim-dev] Gathering useful statistics
</A><A NAME="2511">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Terry F.
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002168.html">[Opensim-dev] Official Databases? Was: Proposal to move region	specific	parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the regi
</A><A NAME="2168">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002185.html">[Opensim-dev] Official Databases? Was: Proposal to move region	specific	parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the regi
</A><A NAME="2185">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002209.html">[Opensim-dev] missing SL feature
</A><A NAME="2209">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002211.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2211">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002267.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding RegionID to SceneObjectPart
</A><A NAME="2267">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002277.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2277">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002282.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2282">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002299.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2299">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002304.html">[Opensim-dev] load sharing.....
</A><A NAME="2304">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002340.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop  patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2340">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002363.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis preening
</A><A NAME="2363">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002370.html">[Opensim-dev] Resolved Mantis issue..... Reconsideration?
</A><A NAME="2370">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002376.html">[Opensim-dev] Metaverse Meetup: This Wednesday in NYC - Topic: OpenSim + Interoperability
</A><A NAME="2376">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002379.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenID (was: Lively)
</A><A NAME="2379">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002391.html">[Opensim-dev] Moving OpenSim.Region.Communications.Local/OGS1 to	Framework
</A><A NAME="2391">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002393.html">[Opensim-dev] Moving	OpenSim.Region.Communications.Local/OGS1	to Framework
</A><A NAME="2393">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002394.html">[Opensim-dev] Announcing Forge.OpenSimulator.org
</A><A NAME="2394">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002397.html">[Opensim-dev] Announcing Forge.OpenSimulator.org
</A><A NAME="2397">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002398.html">[Opensim-dev] Announcing Forge.OpenSimulator.org
</A><A NAME="2398">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002423.html">[Opensim-dev] Grids and Clouds
</A><A NAME="2423">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002429.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2429">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002442.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2442">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002482.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2482">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002487.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2487">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002519.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2519">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002521.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2521">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Frisby, Adam
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002153.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts	of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2153">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002192.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes needed to DotNet engine to make use of	shared LSL and OSSL
</A><A NAME="2192">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002196.html">[Opensim-dev] Quick question:
</A><A NAME="2196">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002213.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2213">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002249.html">[Opensim-dev] The beginnings of an OpenSim hacking guide
</A><A NAME="2249">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002143.html">[Opensim-dev] llSetLinkPrimitiveParams - PRIM_TYPE
</A><A NAME="2143">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Matt Hirsch
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002150.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL test suite ideas
</A><A NAME="2150">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002307.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis Moderation
</A><A NAME="2307">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002509.html">[Opensim-dev] Gathering useful statistics
</A><A NAME="2509">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Hughes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002152.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts	of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2152">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002174.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5301 -	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/XEngine
</A><A NAME="2174">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002175.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5301 -	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/XEngine
</A><A NAME="2175">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002189.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes needed to DotNet engine to make use of	shared LSL and OSSL
</A><A NAME="2189">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002215.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2215">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002238.html">[Opensim-dev] linux development
</A><A NAME="2238">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002305.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis Moderation
</A><A NAME="2305">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002350.html">[Opensim-dev] Any &quot;stable&quot; or major feature release planned	within near future?
</A><A NAME="2350">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002352.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2352">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002361.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2361">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002362.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis preening
</A><A NAME="2362">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002414.html">[Opensim-dev] In light of recent problems with ClientStack
</A><A NAME="2414">&nbsp;</A>
<I>James Stallings II
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002286.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2286">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Antti Ilom&#228;ki
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002322.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2322">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002402.html">[Opensim-dev] Italian Developers Volunteer Group seeking for	assistance...
</A><A NAME="2402">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002427.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2427">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002549.html">[Opensim-dev] SecondLife protocol dissector for wireshark.
</A><A NAME="2549">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Robert G. Jakabosky
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002319.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2319">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002424.html">[Opensim-dev] Grids and Clouds
</A><A NAME="2424">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002426.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2426">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002428.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2428">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002433.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2433">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002434.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2434">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002435.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2435">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002445.html">[Opensim-dev] Tortoise asking for a login
</A><A NAME="2445">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002459.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2459">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002477.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2477">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002498.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2498">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002515.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2515">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002525.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2525">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002544.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2544">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mana Janus
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002263.html">[Opensim-dev] touch_start in linked prims
</A><A NAME="2263">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Will Jones
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002270.html">[Opensim-dev] touch_start in linked prims
</A><A NAME="2270">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Will Jones
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002142.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts	of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2142">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002145.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts	of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2145">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002149.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts	of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2149">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002173.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5301 -	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/XEngine
</A><A NAME="2173">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002179.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5301 -	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/XEngine
</A><A NAME="2179">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002187.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes needed to DotNet engine to make use of	shared LSL and OSSL
</A><A NAME="2187">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002190.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL Clarity &amp; statement of facts.
</A><A NAME="2190">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002257.html">[Opensim-dev] r5374 - trunk/bin
</A><A NAME="2257">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002271.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis#1682
</A><A NAME="2271">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002301.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2301">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002311.html">[Opensim-dev] load sharing.....
</A><A NAME="2311">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002318.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2318">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002321.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2321">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002333.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop  patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2333">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002336.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop  patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2336">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002349.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2349">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002373.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis#1798
</A><A NAME="2373">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002406.html">[Opensim-dev] A little operational problem
</A><A NAME="2406">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002416.html">[Opensim-dev] In light of recent problems with ClientStack
</A><A NAME="2416">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002422.html">[Opensim-dev] Grids and Clouds
</A><A NAME="2422">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002439.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2439">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002441.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2441">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002505.html">[Opensim-dev] Two Mantis patches pending
</A><A NAME="2505">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002506.html">[Opensim-dev] Gathering useful statistics
</A><A NAME="2506">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002512.html">[Opensim-dev] Gathering useful statistics
</A><A NAME="2512">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002206.html">[Opensim-dev] missing SL feature
</A><A NAME="2206">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002208.html">[Opensim-dev] missing SL feature
</A><A NAME="2208">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002337.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2337">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002342.html">[Opensim-dev] Another &quot;interop&quot; approach
</A><A NAME="2342">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002387.html">[Opensim-dev] new idea about simcrossing (maybe)
</A><A NAME="2387">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002389.html">[Opensim-dev] new idea about simcrossing (maybe)
</A><A NAME="2389">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002409.html">[Opensim-dev] prerun crash under XP
</A><A NAME="2409">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002444.html">[Opensim-dev] Tortoise asking for a login
</A><A NAME="2444">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002517.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2517">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002520.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2520">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002522.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2522">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002529.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2529">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002531.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2531">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002536.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2536">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002546.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2546">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Lc
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002147.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL test suite ideas
</A><A NAME="2147">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002197.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL to C# translator preview
</A><A NAME="2197">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002216.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL to C# translator preview
</A><A NAME="2216">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002219.html">[Opensim-dev] Quick question:
</A><A NAME="2219">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002239.html">[Opensim-dev] Please test drive the new LSL compiler
</A><A NAME="2239">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002241.html">[Opensim-dev] Please test drive the new LSL compiler
</A><A NAME="2241">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002244.html">[Opensim-dev] warning in lsl.lexer.cs (was Re: Please test	drive the new LSL compiler)
</A><A NAME="2244">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002245.html">[Opensim-dev] Please test drive the new LSL compiler
</A><A NAME="2245">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002253.html">[Opensim-dev] r5334 - in trunk: . OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/DotNetEngine/Compiler/LSL bin
</A><A NAME="2253">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002256.html">[Opensim-dev] Please test drive the new LSL compiler
</A><A NAME="2256">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002325.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2325">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002338.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop  patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2338">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002339.html">[Opensim-dev] DotNet Script Engine status - changes to make use of shared LSL and OSSL
</A><A NAME="2339">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002356.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim-OpenSim interop (WAS: Inteop patch	Mantis#1696)
</A><A NAME="2356">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002368.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis preening
</A><A NAME="2368">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002382.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenID
</A><A NAME="2382">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002383.html">[Opensim-dev] Startup warnings and messages for 21-Jul-2008 build 5559 opensim.be nightly build
</A><A NAME="2383">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002395.html">[Opensim-dev] Announcing Forge.OpenSimulator.org
</A><A NAME="2395">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002396.html">[Opensim-dev] Announcing Forge.OpenSimulator.org
</A><A NAME="2396">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002400.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL compiler switched on as default
</A><A NAME="2400">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002408.html">[Opensim-dev] In light of recent problems with ClientStack
</A><A NAME="2408">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002437.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL compiler switched on as default
</A><A NAME="2437">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002438.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL compiler switched on as default
</A><A NAME="2438">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002513.html">[Opensim-dev] DotNet Script Engine status - changes to make use of shared LSL and OSSL
</A><A NAME="2513">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002524.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2524">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mike Mazur
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002191.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding constraints to PluginLoader
</A><A NAME="2191">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002193.html">[Opensim-dev] Refactoring all remaining module loading for	PluginLoader
</A><A NAME="2193">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002194.html">[Opensim-dev] Quick question:
</A><A NAME="2194">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002221.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning: IGridPlugin interface change
</A><A NAME="2221">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002225.html">[Opensim-dev] Scope and Purpose of IApplicationPlugins and	IRegionModules
</A><A NAME="2225">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002227.html">[Opensim-dev] Splitting IUserService
</A><A NAME="2227">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002251.html">[Opensim-dev] IGridPlugin and IGridData
</A><A NAME="2251">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002261.html">[Opensim-dev] r5334 - in trunk:	.	OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/DotNetEngine/Compiler/LSL bin
</A><A NAME="2261">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002272.html">[Opensim-dev] r5374 - trunk/bin
</A><A NAME="2272">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002285.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2285">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002308.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis Moderation
</A><A NAME="2308">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002344.html">[Opensim-dev] Converting the GridServer to PluginLoader
</A><A NAME="2344">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002357.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2357">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002358.html">[Opensim-dev] Converting the GridServer to PluginLoader
</A><A NAME="2358">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002516.html">[Opensim-dev] Two Mantis patches pending
</A><A NAME="2516">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002518.html">[Opensim-dev] Fix provider selection and possible security issue	with plugins
</A><A NAME="2518">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002523.html">[Opensim-dev] pluginloader documentation complete
</A><A NAME="2523">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002533.html">[Opensim-dev] Fix provider selection and possible security	issue with plugins
</A><A NAME="2533">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002534.html">[Opensim-dev] Fix provider selection and possible security	issue with plugins
</A><A NAME="2534">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002538.html">[Opensim-dev] Fix provider selection and possible security	issue with plugins
</A><A NAME="2538">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002540.html">[Opensim-dev] Fix provider selection and possible security	issue with plugins
</A><A NAME="2540">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002140.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2140">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002146.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2146">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002148.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2148">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002151.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2151">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002156.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2156">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002166.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2166">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002180.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5301	-	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/XEngine
</A><A NAME="2180">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002188.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes needed to DotNet engine to make use of shared LSL and OSSL
</A><A NAME="2188">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002201.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes needed to DotNet engine to make use of shared LSL and OSSL
</A><A NAME="2201">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002210.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2210">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002212.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2212">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002214.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2214">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002218.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2218">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002229.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning: IGridPlugin interface change
</A><A NAME="2229">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002230.html">[Opensim-dev] Scope and Purpose of IApplicationPlugins	and	IRegionModules
</A><A NAME="2230">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002231.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2231">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002233.html">[Opensim-dev] Warning: IGridPlugin interface change
</A><A NAME="2233">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002236.html">[Opensim-dev] Scope and Purpose of	IApplicationPlugins	and	IRegionModules
</A><A NAME="2236">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002258.html">[Opensim-dev] r5374 - trunk/bin
</A><A NAME="2258">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002264.html">[Opensim-dev] touch_start in linked prims
</A><A NAME="2264">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002268.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding RegionID to SceneObjectPart
</A><A NAME="2268">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002288.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2288">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002327.html">[Opensim-dev] load sharing.....
</A><A NAME="2327">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002329.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2329">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002326.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2326">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002380.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenID
</A><A NAME="2380">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002385.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenID
</A><A NAME="2385">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002388.html">[Opensim-dev] new idea about simcrossing (maybe)
</A><A NAME="2388">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002420.html">[Opensim-dev] In light of recent problems with ClientStack
</A><A NAME="2420">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002421.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL compiler switched on as default
</A><A NAME="2421">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002488.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to remove estate_settings.xml support
</A><A NAME="2488">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002526.html">[Opensim-dev] Fix provider selection and possible security issue with plugins
</A><A NAME="2526">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002527.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2527">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002528.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2528">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002530.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2530">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002532.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2532">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002535.html">[Opensim-dev] Fix provider selection and possible security	issue with plugins
</A><A NAME="2535">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002537.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2537">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002539.html">[Opensim-dev] Fix provider selection and possible security	issue with plugins
</A><A NAME="2539">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002545.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2545">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002547.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2547">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Melanie
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002291.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2291">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kenny Ming
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002330.html">[Opensim-dev] load sharing.....
</A><A NAME="2330">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olish Newman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002332.html">[Opensim-dev] load sharing.....
</A><A NAME="2332">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olish Newman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002431.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2431">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olish Newman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002432.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2432">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olish Newman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002436.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2436">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Olish Newman
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002207.html">[Opensim-dev] missing SL feature
</A><A NAME="2207">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Destiny Niles
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002276.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2276">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Destiny Niles
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002289.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2289">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002237.html">[Opensim-dev] linux development
</A><A NAME="2237">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rohan Peters
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002250.html">[Opensim-dev] The beginnings of an OpenSim hacking guide
</A><A NAME="2250">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rohan Peters
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002351.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid Mode - Inventory Server
</A><A NAME="2351">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rohan Peters
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002355.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid Mode - Inventory Server
</A><A NAME="2355">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rohan Peters
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002170.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5301 -	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/XEngine
</A><A NAME="2170">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002178.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r5301	-	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/XEngine
</A><A NAME="2178">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002195.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits]	r5301	-	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/XEngine
</A><A NAME="2195">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002200.html">[Opensim-dev] Quick question:
</A><A NAME="2200">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002222.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2222">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002223.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2223">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002234.html">[Opensim-dev] Scope and Purpose of IApplicationPlugins	and	IRegionModules
</A><A NAME="2234">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002242.html">[Opensim-dev] warning in lsl.lexer.cs (was Re: Please test drive the new LSL compiler)
</A><A NAME="2242">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002287.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2287">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002292.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2292">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002315.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2315">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002317.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2317">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002345.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop  patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2345">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002346.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop  patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2346">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002359.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2359">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002365.html">[Opensim-dev] erros compiling
</A><A NAME="2365">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002476.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2476">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002481.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2481">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002483.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2483">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002514.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2514">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002541.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2541">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dr Scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002386.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenID
</A><A NAME="2386">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Belxjander Serechai
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002283.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2283">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tim Shephard
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002302.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2302">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tim Shephard
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002401.html">[Opensim-dev] Italian Developers Volunteer Group seeking for	assistance...
</A><A NAME="2401">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Salahzar Stenvaag
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002510.html">[Opensim-dev] Italian Developers Volunteer Group seeking for	assistance... Thanks for your feedbacks...
</A><A NAME="2510">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Salahzar Stenvaag
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002217.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2217">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002224.html">[Opensim-dev] A proposed groups architecture
</A><A NAME="2224">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002489.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2489">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002503.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2503">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dahlia Trimble
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002543.html">[Opensim-dev] new LSL state to implement
</A><A NAME="2543">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mark Wagner
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002157.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts	of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2157">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002158.html">[Opensim-dev] More researches on avatarappearance
</A><A NAME="2158">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002165.html">[Opensim-dev] Save/Load XML and XML2 Formats
</A><A NAME="2165">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002226.html">[Opensim-dev] Splitting IUserService
</A><A NAME="2226">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002269.html">[Opensim-dev] Adding RegionID to SceneObjectPart
</A><A NAME="2269">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002279.html">[Opensim-dev] Mantis#1682
</A><A NAME="2279">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002300.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2300">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002335.html">[Opensim-dev] Inteop  patch Mantis#1696
</A><A NAME="2335">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002372.html">[Opensim-dev] Resolved Mantis issue..... Reconsideration?
</A><A NAME="2372">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002411.html">[Opensim-dev] In light of recent problems with ClientStack
</A><A NAME="2411">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002415.html">[Opensim-dev] In light of recent problems with ClientStack
</A><A NAME="2415">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002418.html">[Opensim-dev] In light of recent problems with ClientStack
</A><A NAME="2418">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002446.html">[Opensim-dev] Archiver issues
</A><A NAME="2446">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002447.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2447">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002452.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2452">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002454.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2454">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002455.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2455">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002457.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2457">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002462.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2462">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002464.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2464">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002465.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2465">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002466.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2466">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002467.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2467">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002472.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2472">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002474.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2474">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002475.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2475">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002484.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2484">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002486.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2486">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002491.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2491">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002493.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2493">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002494.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2494">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002497.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2497">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002499.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2499">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002501.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2501">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002508.html">[Opensim-dev] Two Mantis patches pending
</A><A NAME="2508">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002296.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2296">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ezekiel Zabelin
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002284.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2284">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dezso Zoltan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002384.html">[Opensim-dev] Startup warnings and messages for 21-Jul-2008	build 5559 opensim.be nightly build
</A><A NAME="2384">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dezso Zoltan
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002182.html">[Opensim-dev] terrain load-tile
</A><A NAME="2182">&nbsp;</A>
<I>jon cundill
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002183.html">[Opensim-dev] terrain load-tile
</A><A NAME="2183">&nbsp;</A>
<I>jon cundill
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002425.html">[Opensim-dev] LSL compiler switched on as default
</A><A NAME="2425">&nbsp;</A>
<I>jon cundill
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002328.html">[Opensim-dev] a question!
</A><A NAME="2328">&nbsp;</A>
<I>camilo andres galeano
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002313.html">[Opensim-dev] Desktop application sharing
</A><A NAME="2313">&nbsp;</A>
<I>huangbo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002186.html">[Opensim-dev] Changes needed to DotNet engine to make use of shared	LSL and OSSL
</A><A NAME="2186">&nbsp;</A>
<I>krtaylor
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002265.html">[Opensim-dev] touch_start in linked prims
</A><A NAME="2265">&nbsp;</A>
<I>krtaylor
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002334.html">[Opensim-dev] DotNet Script Engine status - changes to make use of shared LSL and OSSL
</A><A NAME="2334">&nbsp;</A>
<I>krtaylor
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002347.html">[Opensim-dev] DotNet Script Engine status - changes to make use of shared LSL and OSSL
</A><A NAME="2347">&nbsp;</A>
<I>krtaylor
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002367.html">[Opensim-dev] Initial drop of the work to seperate DotNet Engine	from Common
</A><A NAME="2367">&nbsp;</A>
<I>krtaylor
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002485.html">[Opensim-dev] Austin Game Developers Conference?
</A><A NAME="2485">&nbsp;</A>
<I>krtaylor
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002273.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2273">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002154.html">[Opensim-dev] [Resent] Proposal to move region specific parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the region datastore
</A><A NAME="2154">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dr scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002248.html">[Opensim-dev] The beginnings of an OpenSim hacking guide
</A><A NAME="2248">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dr scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002259.html">[Opensim-dev] r5334 - in trunk: . OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/DotNetEngine/Compiler/LSL bin
</A><A NAME="2259">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dr scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002492.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2492">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dr scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002500.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2500">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dr scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002502.html">[Opensim-dev] Get grid information from user server?
</A><A NAME="2502">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dr scofield
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002155.html">[Opensim-dev] More researches on avatarappearance
</A><A NAME="2155">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002171.html">[Opensim-dev] Official Databases? Was: Proposal to move region	specific parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the regi
</A><A NAME="2171">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002172.html">[Opensim-dev] Official Databases? Was: Proposal to move region	specific parts of the &quot;Estate&quot; settings to the regi
</A><A NAME="2172">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002220.html">[Opensim-dev] Splitting IUserService
</A><A NAME="2220">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002228.html">[Opensim-dev] Scope and Purpose of IApplicationPlugins and	IRegionModules
</A><A NAME="2228">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002294.html">[Opensim-dev] Lively
</A><A NAME="2294">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002341.html">[Opensim-dev] Another &quot;interop&quot; approach
</A><A NAME="2341">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002371.html">[Opensim-dev] &quot;/&quot; difference in InventoryService requests
</A><A NAME="2371">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002399.html">[Opensim-dev] Moving OpenSim.Region.Communications.Local/OGS1	to Framework
</A><A NAME="2399">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002440.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2440">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002443.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2443">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002461.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2461">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002463.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2463">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002469.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2469">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002471.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2471">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002473.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2473">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002478.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2478">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002490.html">[Opensim-dev] secure_inventory_server ??
</A><A NAME="2490">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002507.html">[Opensim-dev] Two Mantis patches pending
</A><A NAME="2507">&nbsp;</A>
<I>liu xiaolu
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002260.html">[Opensim-dev] r5334 - in trunk: . OpenSim/Region/ScriptEngine/DotNetEngine/Compiler/LSL bin
</A><A NAME="2260">&nbsp;</A>
<I>&#12496;&#12531;&#12471;&#12519;&#12531; &#12520;&#12495;&#12531;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002309.html">[Opensim-dev] load sharing.....
</A><A NAME="2309">&nbsp;</A>
<I>&#12496;&#12531;&#12471;&#12519;&#12531; &#12520;&#12495;&#12531;
</I>

<LI><A HREF="002312.html">[Opensim-dev] load sharing.....
</A><A NAME="2312">&nbsp;</A>
<I>&#12496;&#12531;&#12471;&#12519;&#12531; &#12520;&#12495;&#12531;
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Thu Jul 31 14:44:20 CEST 2008</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:29 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		
		<a href="date.html#start">[ date ]</a>
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

