<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
  <HEAD>
     <title>The Opensim-dev November 2007 Archive by date</title>
     <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="noindex,follow">
     <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
  </HEAD>
  <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
      <a name="start"></A>
      <h1>November 2007 Archives by date</h1>
      <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		

	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
      </ul>
      <p><b>Starting:</b> <i>Thu Nov  1 00:11:24 CET 2007</i><br>
         <b>Ending:</b> <i>Fri Nov 30 20:18:30 CET 2007</i><br>
         <b>Messages:</b> 221<p>
     <ul>

<LI><A HREF="000281.html">[Opensim-dev] asset_database=&quot;grid&quot; failures
</A><A NAME="281">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000282.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="282">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000283.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="283">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000284.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="284">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000285.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim project core values
</A><A NAME="285">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000286.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="286">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000287.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="287">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000288.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="288">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000289.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="289">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000290.html">[Opensim-dev] script errors?
</A><A NAME="290">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tedd Hansen
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000291.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="291">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000292.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="292">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000293.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="293">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000294.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="294">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Anders Arnholm
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000295.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="295">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000296.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="296">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Anders Arnholm
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000297.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="297">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000298.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part I - Principles)
</A><A NAME="298">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000299.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim project core values
</A><A NAME="299">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000300.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part II - Implementation	details)
</A><A NAME="300">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000301.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part I - Principles)
</A><A NAME="301">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000302.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part II -	Implementation details)
</A><A NAME="302">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000303.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part II -	Implementation details)
</A><A NAME="303">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000304.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part II	-Implementation details)
</A><A NAME="304">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bowman, Mic
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000305.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part II -	Implementation details)
</A><A NAME="305">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000306.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part II -	Implementation details)
</A><A NAME="306">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000307.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part II	-Implementation details)
</A><A NAME="307">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bowman, Mic
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000308.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part II -	Implementation details)
</A><A NAME="308">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dalien Talbot
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000309.html">[Opensim-dev] asset_database=&quot;grid&quot; failures
</A><A NAME="309">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dalien Talbot
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000310.html">[Opensim-dev] asset_database=&quot;grid&quot; failures
</A><A NAME="310">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000311.html">[Opensim-dev] physics architecture
</A><A NAME="311">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000312.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part II	-Implementation details)
</A><A NAME="312">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000313.html">[Opensim-dev] physics architecture
</A><A NAME="313">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000314.html">[Opensim-dev] asset_database=&quot;grid&quot; failures
</A><A NAME="314">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000315.html">[Opensim-dev] physics architecture
</A><A NAME="315">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000316.html">[Opensim-dev] asset_database=&quot;grid&quot; failures
</A><A NAME="316">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000317.html">[Opensim-dev] physics architecture
</A><A NAME="317">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000318.html">[Opensim-dev] asset_database=&quot;grid&quot; failures
</A><A NAME="318">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000319.html">[Opensim-dev] Scene.cs refactoring.
</A><A NAME="319">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000320.html">[Opensim-dev] asset_database=&quot;grid&quot; failures
</A><A NAME="320">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000321.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="321">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000322.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="322">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000323.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="323">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000324.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="324">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000325.html">[Opensim-dev] Terrain ---&gt; Height field code || altering ODE.dll to	remove the ((nMinX &lt; nMaxX || nMinZ &lt; nMaxZ)) error
</A><A NAME="325">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000326.html">[Opensim-dev] Scene.cs refactoring.
</A><A NAME="326">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000327.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="327">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000328.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="328">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000329.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="329">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000330.html">[Opensim-dev] A couple more ODE changes to help stability..
</A><A NAME="330">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000331.html">[Opensim-dev] Terrain ---&gt; Height field code || altering	ODE.dll to remove the ((nMinX &lt; nMaxX || nMinZ &lt; nMaxZ)) error
</A><A NAME="331">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000332.html">[Opensim-dev] Added patch for Prim velocity sending in terse update.
</A><A NAME="332">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000333.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="333">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000334.html">[Opensim-dev] newlines
</A><A NAME="334">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Jeff Ames
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000335.html">[Opensim-dev] Three additional things that should be implemented
</A><A NAME="335">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000336.html">[Opensim-dev] Libraries folder
</A><A NAME="336">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Darok Kaminski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000337.html">[Opensim-dev] Libraries folder
</A><A NAME="337">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000338.html">[Opensim-dev] Libraries folder
</A><A NAME="338">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000339.html">[Opensim-dev] Libraries folder
</A><A NAME="339">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000340.html">[Opensim-dev] Test grid available
</A><A NAME="340">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000341.html">[Opensim-dev] mainmap croaking grid
</A><A NAME="341">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000342.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="342">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000343.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="343">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Anders Arnholm
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000344.html">[Opensim-dev] Test grid available
</A><A NAME="344">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000345.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="345">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000346.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="346">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000347.html">[Opensim-dev] Libraries folder
</A><A NAME="347">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000348.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="348">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000349.html">[Opensim-dev] Libraries folder
</A><A NAME="349">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000350.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="350">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000351.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="351">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000352.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="352">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000353.html">[Opensim-dev] build break looking for Mesh
</A><A NAME="353">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000354.html">[Opensim-dev] build break looking for Mesh
</A><A NAME="354">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000355.html">[Opensim-dev] A couple more ODE changes to help stability..
</A><A NAME="355">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000356.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="356">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000357.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="357">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000358.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="358">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000359.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="359">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000360.html">[Opensim-dev] build break looking for Mesh
</A><A NAME="360">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Darok Kaminski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000361.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="361">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000362.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface
</A><A NAME="362">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000363.html">[Opensim-dev] Solved (Re: asset_database=&quot;grid&quot; failures)
</A><A NAME="363">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000364.html">[Opensim-dev] A couple more ODE changes to help stability..
</A><A NAME="364">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000365.html">[Opensim-dev] A couple more ODE changes to help stability..
</A><A NAME="365">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000366.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface Roundup
</A><A NAME="366">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000367.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface Roundup
</A><A NAME="367">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bowman, Mic
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000368.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface Roundup
</A><A NAME="368">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000369.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface Roundup
</A><A NAME="369">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bowman, Mic
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000370.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface Roundup
</A><A NAME="370">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000372.html">[Opensim-dev] build break looking for Mesh
</A><A NAME="372">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000371.html">[Opensim-dev] Asset Server Rest Interface Roundup
</A><A NAME="371">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000373.html">[Opensim-dev] Updated libsecondlife to version 0.3 1476
</A><A NAME="373">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000374.html">[Opensim-dev] Call to discussion: Physics plugin retrofactoring.
</A><A NAME="374">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000375.html">[Opensim-dev] build break looking for Mesh
</A><A NAME="375">&nbsp;</A>
<I>D&#252;nnebeil Gerhard
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000376.html">[Opensim-dev] Call to discussion: Physics plugin retrofactoring.
</A><A NAME="376">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000378.html">[Opensim-dev] Call to discussion: Physics plugin retrofactoring.
</A><A NAME="378">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Toni Alatalo
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000377.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Office Hours Reminder
</A><A NAME="377">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000379.html">[Opensim-dev] to branch or to break?
</A><A NAME="379">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dalien Talbot
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000380.html">[Opensim-dev] Updated libsecondlife to version 0.3 1476
</A><A NAME="380">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000381.html">[Opensim-dev] mainmap croaking grid
</A><A NAME="381">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Brian McBee
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000382.html">[Opensim-dev] Revising the grid standards (Part I - Principles)
</A><A NAME="382">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000383.html">[Opensim-dev] Pulling j2c images off the asset servers remotely
</A><A NAME="383">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000384.html">[Opensim-dev] Pulling j2c images off the asset servers remotely
</A><A NAME="384">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000385.html">[Opensim-dev] Updated libsecondlife to version 0.3 1476
</A><A NAME="385">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000386.html">[Opensim-dev] Pulling j2c images off the asset servers remotely
</A><A NAME="386">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000387.html">[Opensim-dev] Pulling j2c images off the asset servers remotely
</A><A NAME="387">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000388.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="388">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000389.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="389">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000390.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="390">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000391.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="391">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000392.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="392">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000393.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="393">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000394.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="394">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000395.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="395">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000396.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="396">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000397.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="397">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000398.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="398">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Tleiades Hax
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000399.html">[Opensim-dev] Incompatibilities between libsl 0.2 and 0.3
</A><A NAME="399">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000400.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r2309 -	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ClientStack
</A><A NAME="400">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000401.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r2309	-	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ClientStack
</A><A NAME="401">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000402.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r2309 -	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ClientStack
</A><A NAME="402">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000403.html">[Opensim-dev] forcing some load, kicking the tires
</A><A NAME="403">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000404.html">[Opensim-dev] forcing some load, kicking the tires
</A><A NAME="404">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000405.html">[Opensim-dev] forcing some load, kicking the tires
</A><A NAME="405">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bowman, Mic
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000406.html">[Opensim-dev] forcing some load, kicking the tires
</A><A NAME="406">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000407.html">[Opensim-dev] forcing some load, kicking the tires
</A><A NAME="407">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Bowman, Mic
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000408.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r2309 -	trunk/OpenSim/Region/ClientStack
</A><A NAME="408">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000409.html">[Opensim-dev] forcing some load, kicking the tires
</A><A NAME="409">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000410.html">[Opensim-dev] [Patch] NullPointerException in	OpenSim.Region.Environment.Modules.ChatModule.SimChat
</A><A NAME="410">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mathias Soeken
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000411.html">[Opensim-dev] [Patch] llSetText with color and alpha argument
</A><A NAME="411">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Mathias Soeken
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000412.html">[Opensim-dev] New dependency on Nini?
</A><A NAME="412">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000413.html">[Opensim-dev] textures not reloading after cache clear
</A><A NAME="413">&nbsp;</A>
<I>paul at triadalliance.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000414.html">[Opensim-dev]  Some more thoughts on &quot;Friendly teleports&quot;
</A><A NAME="414">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ezekiel at daelindor.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000415.html">[Opensim-dev] Some more thoughts on &quot;Friendly teleports&quot;
</A><A NAME="415">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000416.html">[Opensim-dev]  Micropayment
</A><A NAME="416">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ezekiel at daelindor.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000417.html">[Opensim-dev] Some more thoughts on &quot;Friendly teleports&quot;
</A><A NAME="417">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dalien Talbot
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000418.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="418">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000419.html">[Opensim-dev] [Patch] llSetText with color and alpha argument
</A><A NAME="419">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dalien Talbot
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000420.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="420">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000421.html">[Opensim-dev] New dependency on Nini?
</A><A NAME="421">&nbsp;</A>
<I>D&#252;nnebeil Gerhard
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000422.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="422">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000423.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid Architecture, Round 3 - FIGHT!
</A><A NAME="423">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000424.html">[Opensim-dev] Grid Architecture, Round 3 - FIGHT!
</A><A NAME="424">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000425.html">[Opensim-dev] OpenSim Office Hours in 6 hours
</A><A NAME="425">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000426.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="426">&nbsp;</A>
<I>ezekiel at daelindor.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000427.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="427">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000428.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="428">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000429.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="429">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000430.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="430">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Nebadon Izumi
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000431.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="431">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000432.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="432">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dalien Talbot
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000433.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="433">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000434.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="434">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000435.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="435">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000436.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="436">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000437.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="437">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000438.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="438">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dalien Talbot
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000439.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="439">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dalien Talbot
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000440.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="440">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000441.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="441">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Aldon Hynes
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000442.html">[Opensim-dev] I want to help with the project
</A><A NAME="442">&nbsp;</A>
<I>camilo andres galeano
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000443.html">[Opensim-dev] How stopped is stopped?
</A><A NAME="443">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000444.html">[Opensim-dev] How stopped is stopped?
</A><A NAME="444">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000445.html">[Opensim-dev] How stopped is stopped?
</A><A NAME="445">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000446.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="446">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dalien Talbot
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000447.html">[Opensim-dev] Removing libsl references from IClientAPI
</A><A NAME="447">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000448.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="448">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000449.html">[Opensim-dev] I want to help with the project
</A><A NAME="449">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000450.html">[Opensim-dev] Removing libsl references from IClientAPI
</A><A NAME="450">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000451.html">[Opensim-dev] Removing libsl references from IClientAPI
</A><A NAME="451">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000452.html">[Opensim-dev] (no subject)
</A><A NAME="452">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rohan Peters
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000453.html">[Opensim-dev] Removing libsl references from IClientAPI
</A><A NAME="453">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000454.html">[Opensim-dev] How stopped is stopped?
</A><A NAME="454">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000455.html">[Opensim-dev] Someone speaks Spanish
</A><A NAME="455">&nbsp;</A>
<I>camilo andres galeano
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000456.html">[Opensim-dev] I'm new here, and I want to improve scalabilty.
</A><A NAME="456">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Johan Berntsson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000457.html">[Opensim-dev] I'm new here, and I want to improve scalabilty.
</A><A NAME="457">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000458.html">[Opensim-dev] Someone speaks Spanish
</A><A NAME="458">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Darok Kaminski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000459.html">[Opensim-dev] Someone speaks Spanish
</A><A NAME="459">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Impalah
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000460.html">[Opensim-dev] Physics Of Simplicity
</A><A NAME="460">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000461.html">[Opensim-dev] Someone speaks Spanish
</A><A NAME="461">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Darok Kaminski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000462.html">[Opensim-dev] Physics Of Simplicity
</A><A NAME="462">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000463.html">[Opensim-dev] new mantis
</A><A NAME="463">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000464.html">[Opensim-dev] textures not appearing in client
</A><A NAME="464">&nbsp;</A>
<I>paul at triadalliance.com
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000465.html">[Opensim-dev] Micropayment
</A><A NAME="465">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000466.html">[Opensim-dev] Getting this list on opensimulator.org's homepage?
</A><A NAME="466">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000467.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r2413 - in	trunk/OpenSim/Region: Application Environment	Environment/Modules Environment/Scenes Examples/SimpleApp
</A><A NAME="467">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Dalien Talbot
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000468.html">[Opensim-dev] [Opensim-commits] r2413 - in	trunk/OpenSim/Region: Application Environment	Environment/Modules Environment/Scenes Examples/SimpleApp
</A><A NAME="468">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000469.html">[Opensim-dev] Simulator X - Y Hard Coded Details
</A><A NAME="469">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rohan Peters
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000470.html">[Opensim-dev] Simulator X - Y Hard Coded Details
</A><A NAME="470">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000471.html">[Opensim-dev] Simulator X - Y Hard Coded Details
</A><A NAME="471">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000472.html">[Opensim-dev] Simulator X - Y Hard Coded Details
</A><A NAME="472">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Rohan Peters
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000473.html">[Opensim-dev] Monday Bug List
</A><A NAME="473">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000474.html">[Opensim-dev] Getting this list on opensimulator.org's homepage?
</A><A NAME="474">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Darok Kaminski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000475.html">[Opensim-dev] Getting this list on opensimulator.org's homepage?
</A><A NAME="475">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000476.html">[Opensim-dev] Simulator X - Y Hard Coded Details
</A><A NAME="476">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000477.html">[Opensim-dev] A small project
</A><A NAME="477">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Charles Krinke
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000478.html">[Opensim-dev] A small project
</A><A NAME="478">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000479.html">[Opensim-dev] A small project
</A><A NAME="479">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000480.html">[Opensim-dev] A small project
</A><A NAME="480">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000481.html">[Opensim-dev] FW: Hello !
</A><A NAME="481">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000482.html">[Opensim-dev] FW: Hello !
</A><A NAME="482">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Frisby
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000483.html">[Opensim-dev] FW: Hello !
</A><A NAME="483">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000484.html">[Opensim-dev] FW: Hello !
</A><A NAME="484">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000485.html">[Opensim-dev] FW: Hello !
</A><A NAME="485">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000486.html">[Opensim-dev] Open Sim Office Hours - Today!
</A><A NAME="486">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000487.html">[Opensim-dev] Open Sim Office Hours - Today!
</A><A NAME="487">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000488.html">[Opensim-dev] Open Sim Office Hours - Today!
</A><A NAME="488">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000489.html">[Opensim-dev] Open Sim Office Hours - Today!
</A><A NAME="489">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Adam Johnson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000490.html">[Opensim-dev] proposal for modularity of ClientView
</A><A NAME="490">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000491.html">[Opensim-dev] Open Sim Office Hours - Today!
</A><A NAME="491">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Ryan McDougall
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000492.html">[Opensim-dev] Open Sim Office Hours - Today!
</A><A NAME="492">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Kyle Hamilton
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000493.html">[Opensim-dev] Open Sim Office Hours - Today!
</A><A NAME="493">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Justin Clark-Casey
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000494.html">[Opensim-dev] Open Sim Office Hours - Today!
</A><A NAME="494">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Michael Wright
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000495.html">[Opensim-dev] Open Sim Office Hours - Today!
</A><A NAME="495">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sean Dague
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000497.html">[Opensim-dev] Best Server
</A><A NAME="497">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Sanders, Robert Lon
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000496.html">[Opensim-dev] Open Sim Office Hours - Today!
</A><A NAME="496">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Stefan Andersson
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000498.html">[Opensim-dev] My ISP banned from irc.efnet.net???
</A><A NAME="498">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Darok Kaminski
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000499.html">[Opensim-dev] Best Server
</A><A NAME="499">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Peter Hajas
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000500.html">[Opensim-dev] My ISP banned from irc.efnet.net???
</A><A NAME="500">&nbsp;</A>
<I>Teravus Ovares
</I>

<LI><A HREF="000501.html">[Opensim-dev] My ISP banned from irc.efnet.net???
</A><A NAME="501">&nbsp;</A>
<I>dan miller
</I>

    </ul>
    <p>
      <a name="end"><b>Last message date:</b></a> 
       <i>Fri Nov 30 20:18:30 CET 2007</i><br>
    <b>Archived on:</b> <i>Wed Mar 14 15:47:25 CET 2012</i>
    <p>
   <ul>
         <li> <b>Messages sorted by:</b>
	        <a href="thread.html#start">[ thread ]</a>
		<a href="subject.html#start">[ subject ]</a>
		<a href="author.html#start">[ author ]</a>
		
	     <li><b><a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More info on this list...
                    </a></b></li>
     </ul>
     <p>
     <hr>
     <i>This archive was generated by
     Pipermail 0.09 (Mailman edition).</i>
  </BODY>
</HTML>

