<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<HTML>
 <HEAD>
   <TITLE> [Opensim-dev] Proposal to branch for the first 0.7.1 release	candidate soon
   </TITLE>
   <LINK REL="Index" HREF="http://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/opensim-dev/2011-March/index.html" >
   <LINK REL="made" HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Proposal%20to%20branch%20for%20the%20first%200.7.1%20release%0A%09candidate%20soon&In-Reply-To=%3C4D87EB51.2080806%40googlemail.com%3E">
   <META NAME="robots" CONTENT="index,nofollow">
   <style type="text/css">
       pre {
           white-space: pre-wrap;       /* css-2.1, curent FF, Opera, Safari */
           }
   </style>
   <META http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=us-ascii">
   <LINK REL="Previous"  HREF="010032.html">
   <LINK REL="Next"  HREF="010034.html">
 </HEAD>
 <BODY BGCOLOR="#ffffff">
   <H1>[Opensim-dev] Proposal to branch for the first 0.7.1 release	candidate soon</H1>
    <B>Justin Clark-Casey</B> 
    <A HREF="mailto:opensim-dev%40lists.berlios.de?Subject=Re%3A%20%5BOpensim-dev%5D%20Proposal%20to%20branch%20for%20the%20first%200.7.1%20release%0A%09candidate%20soon&In-Reply-To=%3C4D87EB51.2080806%40googlemail.com%3E"
       TITLE="[Opensim-dev] Proposal to branch for the first 0.7.1 release	candidate soon">jjustincc at googlemail.com
       </A><BR>
    <I>Tue Mar 22 01:20:33 CET 2011</I>
    <P><UL>
        <LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010032.html">[Opensim-dev] Map Tiles in SL Viewer 2 - Again
</A></li>
        <LI>Next message: <A HREF="010034.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to branch for the first 0.7.1 release	candidate soon
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10033">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10033">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10033">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10033">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>
    <HR>  
<!--beginarticle-->
<PRE>Hi Diva.  I'm just coming into a window where I'll have a fair amount of time to help with 0.7.1 release candidates.

I've spoken to Melanie and she's told me how to hook up the new prim taint module and the other issues that need to be 
addressed in this area.

Once this is done, would it be okay to branch for the first 0.7.1 rc?  Are there any other blockers (apart from the LSL 
teleport events which I will also take a look at)?

I'm very happy to do the branching and start pushing releases if other concerns are absorbing your time :)

Regards,

-- 
Justin Clark-Casey (justincc)
<A HREF="http://justincc.org/blog">http://justincc.org/blog</A>
<A HREF="http://twitter.com/justincc">http://twitter.com/justincc</A>

</PRE>

<!--endarticle-->
    <HR>
    <P><UL>
        <!--threads-->
	<LI>Previous message: <A HREF="010032.html">[Opensim-dev] Map Tiles in SL Viewer 2 - Again
</A></li>
	<LI>Next message: <A HREF="010034.html">[Opensim-dev] Proposal to branch for the first 0.7.1 release	candidate soon
</A></li>
         <LI> <B>Messages sorted by:</B> 
              <a href="date.html#10033">[ date ]</a>
              <a href="thread.html#10033">[ thread ]</a>
              <a href="subject.html#10033">[ subject ]</a>
              <a href="author.html#10033">[ author ]</a>
         </LI>
       </UL>

<hr>
<a href="https://lists.berlios.de/mailman/listinfo/opensim-dev">More information about the Opensim-dev
mailing list</a><br>
</body></html>
